 Okay. Alright. All right. All right. Okay. All right. Is everyone here? Yes. Yep. Okay. This is our conceptual design meeting. I'll just take a few minutes and go through the previous minutes. Then each of you will have your presentation. And then we will need to make a decision on the concept for the virtual. And then we'll have 40 minutes for finishing up. We'll go through the meet through the minutes first. We just refreshed our goal of making the finest remote control available. We decided that we know that we need to use company colors, company logo. And our marketing expert gave us some information from interviews with a hundred different remote users. And then we'll go through the meeting with some statistics that backed basically what we were thinking before. People thought their remotes were ugly. That remotes is apillot. They only use a finite amount of buttons. And that they often lose that's easy to lose remote. Which were all things we were thinking we would want to make it simple. And some sort of locator, there's a button or tracking device. And that it should look different than what's out there. And then we just mixed, mixed response on the speech recognition. The younger people said they wanted it. Older people did not. And I think we decided that. The expense was not necessarily worth it. And that it was probably a gimmick. That would increasingly wear on the consumers nerves. Then the user interface designer explored some of the technical functions of the remote. The simple versus the complex, the simple one being better for a user, the complex better for an engineer. And some personal preferences that were found in that would be that it should be a user oriented remote, something simple. And that we didn't want to go with a universal remote because increasing cost and increasing complexity. We would just have a TV remote. And that we should also focus on the appearance of the remote. And that would be something that looks different. And finally, our industrial designer gave us a rundown of how the remote will work. From energy source. What we would use batteries because we don't want to have a cable. We would power the remote and the lamp. To have one. The user interface then would connect to a chip, which would work with the infrared controls to send the signal to the TV. And then we came up with a couple ideas for what we think the design of the remote will be. Something that will fit into easily into someone's hand. And with a just a few buttons, just the basics. And with a scrolling function. And I will leave that. Leave it at that. Marketing. We're watching trends. Yep. I suppose that you can have this. Okay. So I was looking at trend watching. Unfortunately, I wasn't given too much information. I was given a brief executive summary. And then an update on some recent fashion trends that we might like to look at. And then I'll just tell you some personal preferences that I got from that. Okay. The most important finding was that the fancy look and feel seems to be twice as important to the users as the current functional look and feel design, which I think we kind of already discussed before. The second most important finding was that the remote should be technologically innovative. And again, these are all things we've kind of already come up with on our own, but this just backs it up. And thirdly, the remote should be easy to use. As far as fashion update, we have learned that fruits and vegetables will be the most important theme for cloths, shoes and furniture. So that might be a bit of a challenge to incorporate this into our remote, but we can try. And also, as opposed to last year, this year, the material is expected to be spongy and feel. Okay. So from that, as we've already said, we need to focus on a fancy look and feel. I think we've already discovered that it's kind of hard to go away from the traditional rectangular design, but I think that even if it's very subtle, we need to kind of trick our consumers so they at least get the idea that they're getting something that's new and modern and sleek and whether it's through the shape or the colors are all of that. For technologically innovative, we've talked about the tracking device. We brought up the idea of having two pieces, which we could discuss further. And Manuel had suggested the energy source and the user interface discussing some of those that we could change a little bit. We need to keep it simple, have limited buttons, which I think the 2P's idea might be really beneficial for. We need to incorporate this fashion trend of fruits and vegetables. I don't know. I mean, I guess the two options are if we had our remote in the shape and fruit or vegetable. Or with exterior designs, but my question is, I mean, the stereotype, typically speaking, you kind of picture males with their remote controls. And I'm not sure how they'd feel about having fruity logos on the outside, so maybe we could have something that's somewhat removable or, I don't know, different options for female male target. And then the spongy feel, I guess we could look at mobile phones and other technology that's out there and look at different types of material that might please our users who want spongy feeling remote controls. What's that? It's possibly like a surged button for a second, possibly like a cover like the head for mobile phones. That's what I was thinking. And one with a flag and one with a banana and one that's spongy feel to it. When you buy your remote, you can buy various cover. Very small. Personalize. We could leave that to the cover department. We all know they've got nothing to do all day. Okay. Okay. I see it. Yeah. I talk about the interface concept and how the customer relates to will use the customer user actual device. So I've looked at some of the stuff I was sent, trying to get some inspiration, but keeping in mind that our own ideas that we had. I was sent some information from the company saying that the technology department have devised a new speech recognition technology where you could program questions into such devices. He gave an example of a coffee machine where you program a question, you program the answer and the machine responds accordingly. Okay. There's different ways of a user can use products like remote. There's a graphical use where you look at pictures and with on a screen. A command line where you're obviously type things in and you get a response. That's just a point out that inconsistent use of interface in remote. You can't see that picture well, but there's various different models. One's a game with lots of different buttons on. They're very cute and well complicated. So then I had a look at new products that are on the market. Not necessarily remote controls, but ones that you'll recognize. There is a voice recognition remote control which can control multiple devices. There is a picture on it. The server-fabric channels with your voice. There are 80 speech samples. Controls for devices. TV, cable, satellite, VCR, DVD, and audio. And you can record your own verbal labels that are connected to remote control functions. So the technology is there. The one on the left is very similar to what we drew upon the board in the previous meeting, where as scrolled-out functions on the side, you can sort of just make those out. And then on the right is obviously an iPod, which is possibly one of the simplest things to use out there. And all that is just a nice big scroll menu. You sort of go through. That is a possibility. Nothing is simple, really. And there are things like this, which is a kids remote, where the parents have the facility to control. I'm programming on what children can watch before. So the remote control only allows them to access the channels at the parents want them to watch. And it means that children have a novelty of having their own remote control. So I don't know if there's a possibility of having one remote control. It's a two-component, maybe you can have more components, different than most. The point made at the end there is that you just have to sort of be clear on your devices as to what things you use sometimes. An arrow pointing down, which may suggest volume down, could become the use just as a V for volume, just little things like that, which would need to be made clear in the design. I think, you can't afford to say, a user friendly remote with minimum buttons. Maybe we've suggested this two-part thing, where if it was to have a speech recognition thing, you could maybe control it on the, do it all programmable on the control bit, and then just have the simple hand-held thing that we sort of devised earlier as the actual remote. It could be graphical display, the actual remote control, the actual control port, maybe you could have like an iPod, we just sort of control through the menus, stuff like, it gets more complicated, and then the hand-held thing should be ergonomic in design. That is it. Just... Just a side-show, yeah. And then you've got things like that, huge things, but just... Last one. 90-year-old grandma. Dust-drilled design. Yeah, cranes, stuff like that. That makes sense. Notice the giant dog bone shape. It's also good for a sea animals. That seems... Not... Why is that so... Well, let's see. I'm going to bore you with a couple of descriptions of the interior. Just to make it more obvious what we have to fit in there, and that we do have to fit the stuff in there. I have more information on possible materials as well, what we can and cannot do. But just wait for this to load up, and I'll show you... What we're talking about here. The details of the components design, as you can see there, what we have is the board, the main board of the remote control, the underside, and it's a pretty cheap piece of technology. In top left side, you can see the chip, which is the... We were talking about this, this is the device to recognize the signals, the input, and it passes it on to a row of... But the transistor is in stuff like that on the right side, that actually amplifies the signal, which later on has been transferred to a infrared lamp, which then, of course, shines infrared light onto the television, which then, recognize what signal it's getting, and what you tell it. So much for the workings of the remote control itself. It's job is to wait for you to press a key, then to translate that to keep pressing infrared light signals, that are received by the television. When you press a key, you complete a specific connection, the chip senses the connection, knows what button you press, it produces a more scope line signal specific to that button, right? Clear? Transistor amplifies the signal, and then sends the signal to the LED, which translates the signal to infrared light, the sensor in the TV can see the infrared light, and seeing the signal, the exit appropriately. This is the circuit board from the other side. The lower part of it, as you can see, are properly green, greenish board is what we saw in the first slide, just flipped over. You can see the circuit board itself, it's the cheapest way to make electronic connections, basically, on the market. What you do, as you have, don't have cables, but you have the connections, actually, in these lines, on the board. These are the actual keys that are being pressed, they're closed at the electric circuit, that then sends the signal to the chip on the other side, that will be behind here, which sends it over to the transistors and all that stuff, it amplifies the signal and all that, it's being sent to the infrared lamp up there. Now, you see this is the rubber button version of it, the way it works is that you have the keys here, the rubber button has a little metal plate on the other side, which closes the circuit here, and thus gives on the signal. Now, this is the simple version. We are talking, it's the simple and cheapest version at the same time. We're talking something more complicated, of course, it's going to be more expensive as well. Not only that, we also restricted the use of our outer shell, or in the material that we could use for our outer shell. I've gotten some information that we could use for the case material plastic, rubber as well, rather than it's used in anti-stress balls, so it's pretty squishy that would serve that purpose. We could also use wood or titanium. Let's see, a proximate cost per 100,000 for the titanium. Oh, I don't have an information on that. However, our company obviously can provide us with the titanium, so I assume I was given an okay to use it. It certainly is an expensive material, I'm aware of that, but I was given an okay, but there are certain restrictions to certain materials. Now, let's first go through the list of the materials, so what we can use is plastic, rubber, wood, and titanium. So mix these. The volume has for the energy source, we're talking about that shortly in the other meeting. What we could use is, or what I was offered, or what we could use is a basic material battery. A dynamo, interestingly enough. We could use solar cells, or a device that was not much further specified that provides kinetic energy, such as watches. We just move them, move the actual device, and this provides some energy. Obviously, I personally have to say that dynamo is out of question, you don't want to wind up your most control before you can use it, right? Solar cell is interesting, may fail though, everything in there. But yesterday we've been wind up, I don't know. Yeah, or you do use it, the device behind the couch for a week, works well in Arizona, but in Edinburgh. Not exactly. So the kinetic energy thing might work, but the same problem, you leave it lying around, and you first have to shake it before it starts to work. So I'd say what we're stuck with really is the basic battery, which also makes a base station, basically, absolutely only that. However, our interface options are push buttons, in which the production of which, or the manufacturer of which company is expert. However, we've discussed that scroll wheels are a better option, and they are possible. We have an OK for scroll wheels. However, when it comes to the scroll wheel of the iPod, I have one big objection, that is that we have to fit an LCD into the remote control as well. This, however, may exclude certain materials. We have a squishy kind of remote control, then an LCD screen may be affected by the movement, because we might not be able to put it in there. So there's also restrictions to, when it comes to the chip, if we have a sophisticated scroll wheel, rather than this very basic setup that we've just presented, the chip has to be more sophisticated, and thus more expensive as well. I don't have any details to come to the cost, but it will be significant difference. I'd rather say drop the titanium, and therefore, that's how it's more sophisticated chip, but that's not up to me to decide. So that's for the scroll wheel. It limits our choice, and squishy is hip, so I'd say, rather not go for that. Let's see now. Solar cells cannot be used on a curved or latex surface, or remote control, but obviously that's not a problem, since we have decided or against, solar cells, I assume, right? Or anybody still, I think batteries are probably the way to go. She makes it very conventional, but therefore, traditional, I assume. With the titanium, we come out to make it a curved design, which is able to make it flat. And a straight design, pretty much, which I assume would exclude, in the most sophisticated versions. With the sort of spongy and plasticky thing, you can get those mobile phones, and initially have a plastic, but then they have sort of a cover on it, which is just sort of soft stuff. So I don't know if that's still possible to have you know, they're open and plastic, whether people hold it, still be sort of spongy. And we can have the fruits and vegetables on this 25th. I can remove it. So it was the possibility of having a graphical display on it, like a screen. Like, I can have a LCD screen, but therefore, no rubber will be used. Right? Right? So plastic is titanium, yes, but this will, of course, influence the form, the plastic design, the standard, you can use any form. The latex is tricky, or rubber. And titanium also seems to be tricky when it comes to the form. So the way to go is if you want to scroll, we'll either make it flat and angular, add an LCD screen, and then you can basically choose either plastic or titanium. Or wood. If you want to make it a particular shape, use plastic. Add an LCD screen, add a scroll wheel, little bit fine, or make it just push buttons. Basically, plastic gives you the biggest variety of options, maybe not the nicest feel. So the rubbery, we can shave it however we want, or the rubbery we cannot. So the rubbery, we could treat much shape at the way we wanted it, but we cannot, as well wheels, and we cannot add an LCD screen. That's the tricky thing. Could we not, you know, have a shape with the scroll on the screen, and then this initial shape we had, which is sort of a banana-esque. That's the whole thing, if you did it yellow. And you just stick on, just some other things, and that's all quick from there. They wouldn't have anything just on the exterior. They wouldn't be necessary to the actual shape of the thing. Is that an option, a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on, had certain spots, certainly can be done. Yes. Yeah. That doesn't affect the functional side of it all, just the underside of the thing. It can be done. Right, you see it. So. The fruit design. How about affecting the surface of the actual rainbow control? Say, we don't make it with the particular fruit shape, obviously, but do it like the surface of an orange banana, whatever you name it. What about a smell? It's the remote. Nice one. You could just add it in different colors as well. I suppose. Different colors. Right, the colors. Yeah. Oh, those colors are just different. Well, we're supposed to stick to the colors. Yeah. Yeah. Company cars. Yellow and gray. So what have we lemon banana? Grapefruit. Grapefruit. Grapefruit. This is what we go for. It comes to the auto appearance, perhaps. I would say if I were to make a decision, I would probably put the fruit aspect at the lower end of the spectrum of importance. I think having a shape could be a little ridiculous. Yeah. What we have it. Oh, we kind of did. Yeah. Well, perhaps the implied shape will be enough to lower that fruit. Fruit-minded. From both of the buyer. It's yellow. It's yellow. It's curved. Yeah. So why not add a couple of grazed stripes? A couple of grazed stripes. We could put the grazed stripes on the bottom so that that person could turn it over. If it would look like a banana, just sit it on their table. Yeah. There you go. Rather than. Rather. And then you could actually put the banana shape thing on the fruit moment. Maybe the holder. If we were to have a holder, it could be shaped like a grape. It could be an ape or a fruit ball. We could have a variety of options here. Okay. Yeah. Do you have more tier presentation? That's pretty much it. And from you about the materials, what the interior has to look like and what the limitations to certain materials are. Okay. I'm going to plug in here real quick. Sure. I could. Like I said, we have to make a decision on a couple of these items here. Oh. No. No. Does the two piece idea out? Probably not decided. We sort of. I want to go with that because if we're going to use a battery in the base station might not be necessary. Well, we can still design a two piece remote without having a base. Having one of them be a base station, but just having it be an optional, either big remote with lots of functions or who take out a smaller piece. We can still do that. However, of course, it would be like designing two remote. So. Which then design is standard would probably limit the. Dimit again, the. To use certain materials because they would be too expensive. They like sprawl wheel on both of them or have a LCD screen and so on. You probably have to stick rather with a just traditional rubber button design, which we saw there. But could be done. Of course. Okay. So these are the decisions that we do need to make by the end of this meeting. For our components concept, we need to come up with the energy source, the chip on print and the case. Probably case material and probably a shape also. And then for the user interface concept, we need to decide what the tape, what what the type is and what kind of supplements will have. Energy source. I think we've, I think we've decided batteries, although not exciting are probably our best bet. We have five minutes. So the chip on print, as I said, the more advanced features you want. The fancy of the chip has to be in the more expensive. If you want just a normal button version chip on print is going to be a cheap one. So. I guess we should pick the case then. If we go with the plastic case or the plastic case. Then the chip on print is still kind of we could have either or we could have a complex one or a non complex. But did we decide that the rubbery feel is important enough to us? What about what you said? Just bigger groups. Okay. So we would, we would have the LCD screen. As long as the other rubber is nowhere near the controls. Yes. So I guess the case would be plastic with. Perhaps that's not even enough rubber to qualify as being part of it. It's more of a supplement maybe. More of a lamination perhaps. So then for the scroll are we going for the iPod type? Yeah. I think so. Which will require a more expensive chip on print, right? Yes. It does. You You You know, I guess that is that about it. So we have a good idea of what we're going to need to do on this. Okay. So we will have another meeting in 30 minutes. Here's what's going to be going on. Ryan, you'll be working on the user interface design. You'll be working on the look and field design. Kryn will want a product evaluation. And the two of you get to play with the modeling components. And maybe and get us a prototype. Which should go along well with your look and field design and your interface. So that basically will just be working on the prototype. We'll accomplish your other two actions. All right. Okay. Let's do it.