 Okay. Oh, that's not going to work. Oh, all right. Okay. Okay. All right. As you all know, we're here to create a brand new fantastic remote. I'm Nick Tabusk. I'm the project manager. We'll just get started with everyone kind of letting each other know who they are. And what you're doing, what your role is. Go ahead. Okay. I'm Corinne Whiting and I will be the marketing expert. And in each of the three phases, I will have a different role in the function design phase. I will be talking about user requirements specification. What needs and desires are to be fulfilled and I'll be doing research to figure this out. In the conceptual design phase, I will be dealing with trend watching. And I'll be doing marketing research on the web. And then finally in the detailed design phase, I will be doing product evaluation. And so I will be collecting the requirements and ranking all of the requirements to see how we did. Okay. Hi, I'm Ryan. I'm the user interface designer. Likewise, I have three different roles for each stage of the design. The functional design is looking at the technical functions of remote control. In the concept design, the user interface, how the user reacts with the product. And in the detailed design, sort of like the user interface design, what they're going to be looking for, things like fashions, what makes it, how are we going to make it special? That's about it. I'm Manuel. And I'm the industrial designer in this project. In the functional design phase, I'll be dealing mostly with the requirements. We'll discuss what the product has to fulfill and so on and so on. I suppose we'll work pretty much together on that one. In the conceptual design, I'll be mostly dealing with properties and materials of our product. And the detailed design and the detailed design, I'll be concerned with the look and feel of the product itself. Pretty much working together, obviously, on the design. Okay. So we've got our opening, our agenda is the opening acquaintance, which we've kind of done. Tool training, project, plan, discussion, and then closing. Granted, 25 minutes we have here. So we are putting together a new remote control. We want it to be something original. Of course, we're a not only a electronics company, but a fashion conscious electronics company. So we want it to be trendy. We want it to be easy to use. We've got the functional design, conceptual design, and detailed design, which basically is the three of you. And well, functional design. Do we have any ideas of, maybe let's just throw out some ideas of what kind of remote control we want to have. And then we can go into how we're going to design it and how we're going to do the detailing on it. Well, function remote control is just a change of channels as it's main function. So we wanted to be a TV remote, or I mean, do we want it to do other things besides just be a television remote? I suppose try to make it a university remote. It could work on all sort of electrical products in one person's house. But you know, they also have the same role changing channels, volumes, and then programming. Okay. I think they all work on the same principles, which I actually know. I'm just saying forget. I think, yeah, universal remote. This is my first go around with creating remote control. I think we're all on the same boat here. One thing I thought of remote control is you always lose them. So those are the way I find it quite easily. So we should we should fate you set our remote control up to where it has a. Like a tracking device or like a whistle or make a noise. It makes a noise. There's a button on the TV that you press. Okay. Generally all remote was a sort of quite similar in their pains. Yeah. We want so they're kind of like long and rectangular. We want something crazy. You know, we want something new that's going to stand out. I think modern. So our remote should be very close. Maybe like user friendly like a little. Yeah. People I thought maybe because people always sent a theory about the place to where other. It was in a ball and actual controls inside. Well, there are of course certain restrictions. You can't have it be any form and fulfill all functions at the same time. So there are obviously some restrictions we have to apply here. However, one question is how stable is that. Is that thing supposed to be the first of the material pretty much? What are we going to build the thing out of how sturdy is it going to be? Do we want it to last longer or rather have people. Whatever. Okay. So by one. Yeah. So we want to be sturdy. We wanted to hold up to somebody's child. You know, throwing it across the room or as you said, people kind of throw it. So we want to be a ball shaped. You know, if it were ball shaped, maybe. We can be cast on the outside and everything can be inside. So we want it to be modern, fun, sturdy. So our form and our function. We want it to be easy to find. So we want it to be universal. It's something that we're supposed to sell for about 25 euros. And. And for profits are, I think, somewhere around 50 million euros, what they want to make on it. Also, since we're partners of the International Remote Control Association, maybe we want to make it something that would globally appeal. Okay. That's more on the research end. The marketing. So marketing, you know, how maybe marketing you could find out what is the most universally appealing remote control out there. Yeah. And maybe as far as design goes, maybe we could have different ones for different target audiences. Maybe one won't apply to all of the countries we're targeting. And. You guys have any ideas for what it should look like? Maybe we could draw it up on the board over there. We want to be a ball. Drop the ball and maybe where the buttons are located. My original idea was just simply. Sort of a sphere where maybe you. This is where it's connected together. And then when you open it out, it could be a flip, like a flip phone. And then when you fold it out of the middle. Maybe a hinge. That'd be the strongest part of it. Without if you did use a hinge, you're just two parts. And then you'd have. You buttons. Things inside. I think sometimes you're able to have too many buttons. So very simple as possible. As few as inside as possible. And then there was the idea for. Just something maybe if you have had like some kind of. Like something or lights around it. Just looking a bit like some star wars at the moment. But yeah. That was just a simple idea. I didn't know you could feel about. It was almost be likeable. So this is just the idea I had. I don't know if there was a other ideas. Right. One problem you'd get with this design is. The ball is a nice idea because of its stability. But of course, since it's about it'll roll. So you'd have to have it flat on the side of the east. Down here somewhere. Take away that part. That's one of the big issues. It's also good. Also you risk the hinges here. That's that's a problem. Yeah, they didn't have that. It's a little bit. That's interesting. Of course, but that's of course a weak point. Yeah. How would we go about making, you know, getting rid of our weak points? What I mean, but we just have a flat spot on the bottom of the ball. Not to put you on the spot, but. What did you say your title was again? I'm the industrial designer. Industrial designer. So. Well, the point is. Well, maybe. I don't know. The shape is perhaps not the most ideal. Okay. As stable as it is, there must be a compromise between. I'm not sure if it's not the most ideal design. I mean, I'm sure I think of like the designer others. I can't think of anything other than the long rectangle. For maybe smaller sort of faster ones, but. Yeah. There's nothing being done sort of out of. That's not new. It's not innovative. It's, you know, everybody does longer remote because it's easy. It's it's stable. I'll do something. So if. No, go ahead. My idea was just to have it be kind of. Like a. Keyboard type shape, you know, like video games. So, but maybe. I mean, that would be kind of big and bulky. We could also try to do the hints then. So it could like flip out that way. I don't know. I think definitely doing something different. Yeah. Is a good idea. I mean, very design something that's sort of like. I suppose not always everybody's hands the same, but something that would be fit in the hand easier. Something with a grip. Yeah, grip. Yeah. Because even I suppose even with the ball. It's still might not be the easiest to hold on to. So perhaps the joystick. Yeah, the keyboard idea might work better. But then again, people like to use one hand to flip and one hand to hold their soda. So maybe. Maybe it's the thing is definitely going to be a one handed one handed job. I feel like I'm just shooting everything down here. You're the boss. One and a design. Also, the size. You know, from cell phones, they can be too small. Yeah. It's too small. It's small. It probably looks better, but. It may not be as functional. Okay. So. Fortunately, we've got about five minutes here to come up with our. Remote control idea and start rolling with it. We've talked about our experiences with remote control. And we've got a couple ideas. Let's see here. What if we had what if we had not only say we went with the ball, the ball function. But maybe we give it sort of grips along the side. To make it easier to hold on to. So. So it's easier to hold on to that way. Of course, that'll then remove some of our ball. Unless this, unless this part were raised. So say the cover flips over and covers that part. So the grip is. No, that wouldn't work either. But if we're going to make it flat on the bottom, then that eliminates our ball. So if it were flat on the bottom and then had the. Sort of grips on the side here, I guess. And then. And then we have the problem with the hinge. So if we're flat on the bottom, it's not going to roll away. It'll stay where we want. The question is also, I don't know. Do you really always want to open that thing when you have to use it? That's true. It's probably going to lie around open all the time anyway. So I don't know if a lid is a good idea. It's the ability point of view. It certainly is. But also. You have to face it and take into account the more of these things. Break by accident. The more we sell. So. Don't make it. So we don't have it flip open. We just have a ball. But then maybe go about to the. Something I want to know is things. Okay. So then we forget the ball. It looks cool. But it's really not functional. So we've got our sort of keyboard kind. But if we flipped it around here so that it were. Sorry. That doesn't look anything like what you had there. So it's up and down. You hold it this way. Of course, then it's like the rectangular again only with a couple of Judging out points. But it's one handed. Questions what makes those game pads functional? I think that's pretty much the form for the hand. So it's a round shape underneath that makes it comfy. Yeah. Mix it nice. So that's the essential part except for that. Yeah. We'll not probably not get away from some longer design. Because you also have to know which way around to point this thing. Yeah. Because it doesn't have a cord like joysticks do. Batteries go weak as well. So after a while you have to point it towards the. Towards the equipment you want to control with it. Show which is the front which is the back. Is it possible to have it to where it would work with like a sensor on either side? So that either way you're pointinated will work. Of course the more technology you stick in that. More. More. It'll cost you. Of course you can do. Okay. I mean of course it will be evident after a while. If you look at it it will be evident which way around to point it since you have the numbers and the. True. The buttons and stuff but it's about the instinctual thing. I can just grab a young. Have to look at it you know which way around to point it. Otherwise the design of the point of putting two sensors on both sides would probably work. Even if you designed it in some in a way that you know isn't a rectangle but still pointed in a direction that had a definite point. So that's your thing. So like that instead. And then you know which way you're pointinate. Okay. Sorry to interrupt but we have a warning. Are we out of time? Yeah. Okay. Well. Just to finish up should we go with this plan start making some. Or good ideas what are not. Let's say what's the safer next. So that what you need to do for next meeting I think. What's the finish now. So. And then marketing will look and see what. What people want. All right. Okay. Project manager will design a better meeting for the next time around for you a little bit more prepared. And all right. Good meeting.