i mean if you were ever late because of that it's not, we'll find a way around it. and i've put you guys on mondays at this time for my convenience but it's not like it's important. well i was just basically getting out but i wanted to make it in time but it's just because all the leaves and things, the trains weren't stopping at the stations so i decided to speak for stations on. you're just sleeting past. you really? yeah. great. so what they have to do back up? i'm not sure. but then the busing people in this cruise station have particularly problems like there's on a hill or something. so i had to bus people in from stations either side. yeah. masty. yeah. but yeah, at least it was pre-restrictions instead of like trains flying past into various things. yeah, we're glad they look after that bit. oh, yeah. i don't know. do we want to look at anything? it's not up yet. still 56% confusing. i can skip it. isn't it just doing a disc check or something? i don't know what it's doing. rips it, fella. doesn't like silk. stay. and now we're going to discover we've got no reason to meet, right? because everything's going swimmingly. well, you know, apart of problem, apart from waiting for the get contagious sort of. because i haven't read the wikis in my email since i left. so. yeah, i haven't added anything to wiki recently. so i've been working on trying to get the xml stuff working. so basically doing how to have the dom works. so i can do the next, so i can generate the ddf files. oh, yeah. so, yeah, so i just just just read three documentation. that's what was doing the end last week. just someone i know how it all works and both of you have the best way to do things. but at the moment, i'm playing about the dom stuff in zilla. because just so i can see how it works with the html pages. so i can generate the x, so i can generate xhml stuff and see how it all works there. this was much easier to just see how things work in that. well, i don't know the mizzela stuff. so if it turns out that it's idiosyncratic in some way that teaches you funny habits, then it won't have been a good idea. well, the api is standardized by the w3c. so the api is standing between everything. well, there are certain companies that i don't want to name. we don't always get it right. but yeah, mizzela, yeah, it'll be all right. yeah, yeah, yeah. it's just as a common. i believe you now. it's a good strategy. yeah, yeah. well, yeah, well, it doesn't like me. so this is a mizzela-only feature and things like that. so i've been avoiding those anyway. it's just that that's quite a quick way to just to get into how the dom works. because i can just quickly generate a web page and just add things to it and take things away. and see exactly what's going on at the time. so what, why does it help for the text html? just xml? just because xhml has a nice, you know, that you got browsers there. so you can actually see, you can actually see directly what's going on. most browsers, when you put an xml file up in it, it'll just apply some default styles to it anyway that shows you. yeah, well, i'm using xhml. so all the web pages are xhml. so it's xml just with the html dtd. okay, yeah. just a bit of difficulty. i haven't quite finalized the gdf format. so you're going to have to do a swap in tagnames later. yeah, so all i have to do is change that sort of thing. everybody's got their different ways of doing these things. i'm sure that's fine. i mean, it also comes out in the end. yeah, no, i'm just trying to think of the things that could go wrong. but since i haven't tried it this particular way, you know. but yeah, that sounds good. so, you say we haven't finalized what the gdf looks like. is that an implicit request for me to do something or? no, well, what i'm doing the moment, i'm looking through the stuff that's throwing in front of the wiki to say what we need in the output format for the task. so what you're going to do the analysis on. so i'm making sure that i can take that information out of the gdf as it's state at the moment. if i find something that you can't get out of it, then i can add that to the gdf format. yeah, as a, well, i mean, there's two cases in here, right? there's things you can get straight off the original format. and then there's things you have to do some kind of post-processing of the original format. but it's not just a data format change, it's actually some kind of computational process to get the thing out of it as well, right? yeah, yeah. and it wasn't, i think it was a little bit confused last time we spoke about whether you consider gdf format to be the thing that's just straightforward translations of what's in the original eye tracking output. or whether, like, whether the post-processing utilities are a separate step. because i think you and i had separate different views on this, but i can't remember who had which view. have this point. yeah, well, so are you working on actively on this analysis things or are you just working on the translation? well, i'm trying, i'm making sure that the gdf format we've got in the moment, well, well, outputs, they, well, i've got an old in assets that robyn's looking for. so i'm using it as a way to get into using the dom things as well. so, yeah, so the moment i'm looking at actually the gdf format itself, and then to generate the gdf format, i'm going to be taking stuff out of the jest analyzer, and then using the dom parser to generate x-water. okay, so you have a little bit of what's in there and what isn't in there that you need to do some really intensive transform to do? no, no, but the output of the jest analyzer does do some of the processing already, which is what i'm planning to use as the basis for it. because that already picks up target readers and things like that. so it knows whether you're looking at a part or whether you're looking at target area or whatever. so, yeah, so there's always got that in it somewhere. so i'm just going to pull that out and put that into the gdf. okay, so this sounds like it's under control when you're happy and you guys are telling each other what you guys need to know. so i don't need to do anything, right? nope. you're all fine. but there was a number of things that came before this, right? it sounds like they're not under control yet. so, you know, the gdf stuff, so ellen's view on this is we go through everything in order. like the priority is exactly the pipeline order, right? yeah. so, um, camtasia, you mentioned. yeah. and i'm not sure what else, but we should check what other things will before this, and i'll ask you things to do. yeah, yeah. i think the other thing i've got left to leave before the experience we run is get the check camtasia works. no, we've got camtasia running on machines, and i think that's up correctly. but i can't test it until we get the mic friends working. until you get the microphones. oh, microphones. it's batteries we're waiting for. batteries. yeah, they're due. i was told the beginning this week. okay. are they really, really strange batteries? they are quite strange. have you tried mappler? uh, it's, uh, um, abrol has ordered them from some person. i think so. no, no, no. developed. like 150 each or something like that. because, you know, like we bus journey over to mapplin might solve the problem if it's getting in the way. uh, well, hopefully that they should have been here last week, but caroline then flew in to chase them. and they were told to be here. should be today. so this isn't actually, um, ruining your schedule for anything. and that's why you're waiting. uh, well, we can still test whether camtizia runs anyway. it's just the, uh, whether it's the microphones are picking up things correctly. right. okay. so it sounds like you're not actually worried about the fact that this is not yet. yeah. when you get worried, go to mapplin. okay. phone and first to make sure that they're in there. somebody around must have a police steve. somebody in the techie group will have a mapplin catalog. okay. i'll see if i can. it's useful to know who's got a current one anyway. i don't seem to get them anymore. i guess they don't buy enough equipment. only must have stopped lying these days. anyways, no. oh, yeah. of course. duh. so you can find out whether they have it, but you'd have to phone them and find out if they haven't stopped on that. i actually lived not that far from that. um, so it would be, uh, half our, um, diversion from my morning routine to pick up stuff. uh, but then again, it's also very close to hey market. yeah. so it's even less of a diversion for you. except you don't know your way around. i can easily get to mapplin. i don't worry stuff. are you slivissa? i don't know. i just live here on my gig. i know we're doing, i know we're mapplin. yeah. i just think, well, you know, the mistake of three quid or however many quid, how many betters is the sink deck? doesn't take a hundred. no, it's two batteries we need. yeah. then, you know, put your mind at rest. you know, you wouldn't want it to be the morning that was supposed to be recording. that's what makes this guy. you know, you know, this. i suppose i could give you a call in the way in tomorrow. and if not pay the bill, then i'll just go. you know this. i suppose i could give you a call in the way in tomorrow. and if not pay the bill in your pigeonhole like an easy gun for training early and just pick them up from there. yeah, check they've got them first. the stocks are a bit funny down there. right. yeah. well, i'm making sure i'm making that and make sure i've got the phone number and my phone so i can call them. because you know, it's not bad attractive in area to walk through if you're not going to get any of the kind of things. well, true. true. so, that's the way it is. so, of all the things that were on the wiki, do i need to pull up the wiki? no, it's going to let me log in. it's still probably the end. yeah. no, i do not want to change my password. but you guys probably know off the top of your head. is there anything else that we were waiting on before you could run? remember. so, all those tasks were i can have a set of things. the only thing that's cool to me slightly up is checking whether jews finished. there is a working model builder. but i'm not sure if it's the finished version yet. his last day was the 31st of october. yeah, he still had hours left. i wasn't sure if it was down to the number of hours or where the 31st of october. oh, yeah. no, it's hours. yeah, it's hours. i was so he's got hours left. he's behind him. i think he was building for, he was building by the hour. so, i thought, well, i mean, obviously if he wants to finish off then, you know. i'm nine, nine megan has gone dead for almost the last two weeks. oh, well, they're probably away then. well, they're really the same place. well, they're really the same place. well, i don't know. they're really the same place. no, i think what they had was some big review. oh, yeah, it could be it. and so i haven't heard anything back from them. so, the models for... oh, you have no models at all. oh, that's a pity. model builder. that's what i was calling a graphical model editor, right? so, you use x-pig to make the parts and then you... well, we don't need to make the parts are all the standard 10 gram ones out before anyway. the x-pig thing was only when we come to building airplanes and you peculiar shapes. but for this experiment, it's just a 10 gram type test. okay. i have something in my email about from joe. he wouldn't have sent it just to me, would he? do you want to check that? i'm not going to project my email. yes. i'll tell you that one way. that means you didn't leave anything per day and anything from you for a week or so anyway. okay, i think i might have heard there's a... i can't remember exactly what it was. that's a new way then. it's the last thing in response to the thing i was seeing last week, the parallel-alground being the only round from the model... yeah, yeah. that's also a screenshot. yeah. nothing has... i haven't heard anything since from either. i say the method ones are from you. okay. i think that's something on the 28th that's friday, i think. oh, he just wants to know how to get paid. right, that suggests he's done, done, done. anyway, he's in adam's breast, so... well, i suppose he won't come back as kricks on his desk. it was he back. yeah. right. okay, so... well, i'm using the nice machine. so if one's to pop in for five minutes, the windows machines... free from at the moment. well, he's just not going to try to squat there, that's all. so the last thing i've got from him about work, was the 19th of october that said he uploaded some changes that you wanted. oh, see, you didn't get that. it was just me and him, but presumably he put it on the wiki, so... so he's just telling us, because he thinks we've probably don't read wiki. and i'll just check. yeah, it was after that. it was the thing about playing the parallelogram. it was a mirror image. yeah, i'm considering we were getting an email off him. yeah, i think it got sent through to the group saying that he'd updated the... whatever it was on the wiki, so he'd... he'd uploaded a new zip file. never written the old one, sir. well, i haven't replied to him about... yeah, i really don't have anything more... more recent from him. i haven't replied to him about... you know, how to submit costs and stuff like that. but that's just, he's at the end of things, but we could just ask him. i mean, maybe you guys just want to ask him directly, you're done done, right? because that's what you guys are knowing. and then, of course, any problems that remain you and harry. but it's worth taking a look at what it does and making sure it does what you want. i guess... so the problem is you wanted to construct some models in it for your experiment, but you were hoping to get some from meryluse. yes, or at least she was meant to have some idea of the level of complexity, because they have actually run various and to get an idea of the sort of style and to check the b.o. right. all very quiet. right, have you tried cole calling? that's what i do when i need things that... no, it has just been email rather than telephone tape. oh, the question. if you get them today, why don't you start running? i'm down for a week, it's the seventh week to the evening. oh, right, so you have to be ready by then. well, i haven't written anything yet. but that's when i'm hoping. right, okay. we have been, of course, put back a bit by track or going down. uh-huh, yeah. makes sense. but we're certainly needing some data in the bag by the first of december, i think. yeah, so you don't have subjects lined up, but you don't expect any trouble getting them. hopefully not. the only other site complication is, which i think brought up at the meeting on thursday, for all the eye tracking users. yeah. the lab has been blocked, booked again. by? jules from psychology. i don't know this person. so they, well, they need to be serious about it. who's there? is that a staff member or a staff member? yeah. okay. well, we kind of paid for the lab. so it depends, but i suppose talking to them sometimes solves these problems. you might, it depends on what sort of staff member is it? lactur. right. i mean, presumably he or she is not running subjects the entire... well, presumably not, but it's sort of quite totally booked. for certainly what, 60s for 10 to 5 for two or three of those days. so, ellen's still out of town, right? it's just, you could try calling this person and see how this works. ellen might be more persuasive. it's just sometimes academic staff have a bit of a chip about research staff. and since i don't know the person, i can't tell whether it's one of those or not. i wouldn't. no, i can probably at least email her and ask her. she's really giving it all that pain. yeah, and that escalates, i guess. but, you know, or whether it can be put off for a little bit or something. so, i have no idea how the booking system works. well, you're discussing them thursday, right? well, yeah. at the moment, there's just a booking system. yeah. and people just, i think, can log on to it, can book it. yeah. well, that's one to raise at the meeting. i might talk to ellen about that ahead of time, because they may have, she and martin may have had discussions about appropriate use of the lab. in theory, jess is meant to have it every morning. oh, really? yeah, but don't you guys set up for isn't black booking more appropriate? because, isn't there set up involved in chanting around for somebody else? there shouldn't be any changes in the physical connection. no, or in the software or anything. no. okay. so, there's no cost associated with it being mornings or afternames. no. as long as other people don't, for some reason, i don't know, disconnect some bits of equipment. there's no reason why it should be. so, in the worst case, you may be able to make an argument if you actually need that week that you can collect in the mornings that week. is there something that's known outside ellen's head? yes, it's on the bookings system. it's not on the booking system. it's on a web page that frank created a big lab. oh, well, that's okay. but you don't know if anybody actually knows his later. well, that's the time to, yeah. so, it sounds like you've got a lot of possible ways of getting what time you need. of course, try to be kind to other people, but you would anyway. so, those are the only things that are worrying you. camtasia and lab access. and otherwise, no sweat, you're happy. i've also got to get camtasia. oh, it's the lot of builders here. well, yes, the model. i've got to get camtasia working as a sort of a little multimedia thing to generate a video, how to sort of an instructional video. oh, yeah. this is going to take a little while. i'll have to do this week. well, i'm hoping. once i go around trial out, give you some screenshots to work with. and then just be able to add in your video of makes movements or whatever. yeah, but you were going to try and figure out how to overlay something on top of the video that... oh, no, you were just really going to run a video of the trial. yeah. that's as much as you. so, with the model builder, what do you need to do with it? which one of you is going to look at what it does so far? i'll just try and do that. have a look. any problem with it? things are working paid up for that piece of... for that thing. so, you just put whatever recommendations bugs on that page and all work through them as and when i can. hopefully there's not a problem. i see that marlouis also made to be checking it and doing things. how many models were you relying on her for? so, are you suddenly going to be...? it hasn't been divided up in that sort of way. well, what i'm trying to get at is, is your start time going to be delayed because you don't have the models ready if she doesn't come through? depends how quickly i manage to get a group of it. vivio, how long it takes me to generate them or how i get on with the camtasia. uh-huh, yeah. well... i'm unsure of. yet. can you draft craig in to build some of this, sir? at least. yeah, i'm not talking about using the software in the last, not that hard on them. it shouldn't be any great problem. it's just checking that there are a suitable... ...with all the complexity of it. you know me contingency planning, obviously. i always worry about the worst. i know, quite quite right. yeah. you know, i want to go ahead and imagine the building, the building, the building, the model is going to be that hard. and i can easily just... ...will have many thousands there on that... ...to that website you found. just, you know, pick some of them, ...read in the jct format. that's... ...you know, it's pretty mechanical. i can easily do that. there's no choice but to choose from which ones you need to do. which i guess you have to do. oh, i was hoping chris could be able to do that. oh yeah, you need to. yeah, exactly. you can call a just telcon between you and marlouse. you know, if it's not the... ...see, you know, with a call calling, you can usually at least find out whether they're alive and getting... ...offer to get something. but, you know, the next... ...the next escalation is saying, no, we really need to talk about this. we're going to talk about it, you know, two-states. it's just such a time of lushy. yeah. it's a good time. i'll try and get hilver again to the... ...simibly whatever it is they've been going through now over. i think it was up till the end of the two parts. so presumably today they're now free or... ...taking a week off to recover, is it? i just take for that to... ...to slow you up and collecting stuff. that's all. well, hopefully it won't anyway. it's just... ...if i then do it, i hope we'll get the right models. yeah, that's the... that's true. so it'll be generated. it's whether the models are optimal or... that's quite a small thing she can do for you, i guess. it's not like, you know, sitting there, ...brain deadly, constructing... ...you know, some models that she needs to do. it's just a provided advice about this, which... ...must take... ...take less time. well, that all sounds fine. you guys worried about it? you worried about anything. we mostly have been talking about the experiment schedule, so... i think the next thing i'm going to... the main thing i'll go to today is get this contagious sort of thing out. the batteries for that. the problems are not worried, i'm not worried. you're going to run out of things to... ...do that we haven't set you up for any time soon. the gdf thing sounds like it might take a wee while. yeah, yeah, because i've got to finalize that format. and then once that's done, i'll go to start looking at... ...the analysis side of it. this is all the dynamic region part of it. yeah. yeah, but you don't need anything for me for that, because that's already sort of... ...spec. i mean, again, that's the pair of you. yeah, yeah. i think the analysis will take a little while. i don't think it's going to take that long to get this stuff sorted out. it's going to be head to display it and all that sort of stuff. whatever makes it easiest for you to do. this is what i'm worried about is him being in the lab all day long, and you're not being sure what to do for the analysis. or something. because you're going to be completely unavailable when you're recording, or whether you're times when you don't record all day. no, but it depends how many i can begin and get running. and before my brain melts. but when the experiment's running, yeah, it's... ...i'll be in the lab. yeah, because he might... i can't just go in and let them get started in the... oh, yeah, no, no, no, i understood that. it was one of the people planned, but... oh, it was more like, you know, so this week he's got... ...you know, the gdf stuff to do. then next week you're planning on recording. and what happens if suddenly you're unavailable all of next week... ...just when he runs out of work? there'll certainly be time for now, because i'm right next to the lab. anybody else come back just to check my email and things. so what were you about then? yeah, so i've also got to work on the dress analysis. and turn that into the gdf outputter. and, yeah, i can have a look at the model builder as well. yeah. the one thing i think about is we're looking at the part building. type stuff. and it might worth seeing if i can add a little part builder thing into the model builder. i'm just going to tidy up some of the code for generating the parts anyway. the jst parts. what i don't know if we want to bond with a part builder. the idea was it wasn't worth the investment. yeah, yeah. but i'm going to have a quick look at it and see how easy it is to add a couple of things to it. if i can use it to generate the roti-mangle, for example, the rotation symmetry. which was what was causing the bugs before. so if i can use the model builder to automatically do that, then that would say quite a bit of work. so, let's say a few bugs. yeah, but now that the guy building these models know that they need to do the roti-m stuff. do you have trouble doing it? no. no. it's just something you've got to remember once the parts we build. yeah. well, i mean, we might want to severely cache a limit to the investment that you put into making a part builder. yeah. so how many person days would it be worth? like if craig discovered it could be done in x days. i wouldn't pull them in one or two, certainly. right. so there's a limit. don't spend more than a day or two on it. yeah. i want to get you worth it. yeah. you have to understand there's things about this project we've hidden from you so far that you'll have to learn about. i thought something like a map task like let's rather than wipe my task list. oh, really? oh, that would just be a little add-on. however it is, it'll be the same skills as you've learned for something else. and it'll just be, i'm not even sure that's you because i think somebody else is doing that actually. but i'm thinking more of the fact that at some point we should probably tell you about this nxt stuff. right. yeah. well, that's just x-able to x-able to x-able, isn't it? turning g-df. oh, yeah, yeah. what up it's into nxt. but, you know, there's x-m-l and x-m-l and, you know, it takes stand-off links and stuff. it's some people that they're not used to linguistic annotation, take a little pun to get their head around the way the data model works. right, right. yeah, because there's stuff to learn there, so. yeah, that was the, yeah, from what we've heard about it is both x-m-l, the programming side of it doesn't say in d-hide, it's going to be making sure that it fits what you expect out the format. yeah. but now that's fine, i'll put plenty of questions for you once i get to that stage, i'm sure. yeah, so just don't order away, you know, weeks on friepperies when we got the real meat we did this yet to come. we'll find plenty of really, really crucial things for you to do. yeah. and i do think you'll be tripling your homes. yeah, well, we'll do a bit of thing, and we'll go ahead and get camtay just sort of like this week, and it's on the dress and lies with the g-df stuff. and then, yeah, once we've done that, it's whatever you do, whatever you want me to do, once we've done the g-df. okay, so i'll remind myself to look at what's next before the next time we get together. yeah. yeah, i'm sorry, i'm high on the g-df, i'm pretty busy for a little while yet, so. yeah, well that's all i can say, i certainly keep you busy until this time next week, and i can sort of suggest things that might need to look at for the next stage. yeah. so you collect them monday? that means you don't want to meet, right? well, at 12 o'clock, next monday, the lab is taking the book to buy jewels. oh, right, it's actually next week, it's actually the week that you were planning on. it starts on this wednesday, and goes through to next wednesday. oh, okay. well, i don't know, anyway, you'll tell me whether we cancel this, or whether i just talk to craig. in which case we won't be up here because we don't record twos. yep. okay. what else? yeah, why then, other competition is two weeks tomorrow, i start my teaching. oh yeah, that's really fun. let's see, that's like four lectures and four labs. that comes in an ideal time for you then. yes. that's like the 20th or something. i can't add. which tomorrow is the first year? so it'll be the 15th year and the 20th. actually, yeah, that reminds me a lot of what i won't be on thursday. i'm going to be over in the next day. oh, yeah, you have to promise to tell us how that is. does people do ask me? fair enough. i don't think it's going to be that in depth. it's a waste of time to, you know, scale of one to seven. yeah, yes. i don't expect to be that in depth. it's 15 minutes on a variety of different topics. yeah. i'm sure most of it i already know is like by safety, health safety, the protection, the usual stuff you get everywhere. the university will cover itself legally. well, they were going to do that when they pushed it to go to it. i would, and i wouldn't know somebody who'd gone to know. nobody's pulled it so far. i'm pretty sure they didn't have induction in my day, so. well, i don't remember being asked for an induction. really? but you only started here? in april. there was supposed to, i'm sure. yeah, my mother would have... i'd go invited to a summer garden party for new staff members. but that was... but that's all. oh, well. when i started being a student, we had the induction as a compulsory because a lot of students were doing teaching. and you couldn't do the teaching unless you'd done the induction because you had to know about health and safety and by safety before you could take a charge of... yeah. because you were the responsible person in the classroom. so... yep. yeah, that's all. that's why i'm doing it now. okay. let's see how i go. i'll let... give you a report on friday or something. i have one nxt question. okay. it probably won't be... well, it's not one. hopefully, as part of the output, it'll be something like that. is that correct? so you've got the gaze position of the first person. the second, the most position of the first, the most position of the second, and i don't know how i'll call them most action or something. yeah. is that just in sort of... you mean, you can't say that. so, it'll be like in the monitor, but yeah, there'll all be different tiers like that. and then there's the language stuff as well. yes, because of what... that's just the... yeah, this is the easy stuff. yeah. well, eisenmeis. eisenmeis. uh-huh. and that's enough for you, right? i mean, that's just the way you want it. hopefully, that's... of course, a lot of things that can do that. it's the language parts that are part of the art part. yeah. so, it was just checking... i know the language parts, they say. i'll tell you this would be the... yeah. that's the new part. that's interesting. do you know what the... the sets of codes are? well, whatever you're getting out of the jazz analyzer. so... yeah, whatever that is. blinks as well, right? yes, i'm not sure we need to know exactly where they are, just how many there are. so, you don't want to part of the stage? i don't know. i suppose it could go... i think you should... well, there's two views on this. if you do, then the people formula- letting research questions will ask about them. right. but if you don't, they'll probably ask about them anyway, and then you'll have to add a amount of the fact. well, that's really easier, just to shove them in. you can stick them in a different track. and then, load them or not, load them as you please. because it's not... well, i don't know. is it part of... so, these are mutually exclusive and exhaustive sets of codes against time, right? isn't blink a part of this? blink would... at the moment, just get lumped in with the previous keys. yeah, but isn't that important? because when they're blinking, basically, it's like a nail code. you can't find out what they're doing otherwise. so, it may actually be important to have the blinks registered in there, because you may discover you need to take them into account to smooth some kind of analysis that you're doing. so, it could be that if only they hadn't had a blink just then, they would have been... i don't know what. yes, moving somewhere else, or it's more likely to be... blinking and seeing who's the other person is doing something. but you want to know that. not too much relies on missing stuff, because people blink. i was thinking more like, you know, the person looks at a part, and they've got a fixation before and after, and they're blinking in the middle. and, you know, there may be times when you want to treat that as one thing. yes. normally, we just... this is a... add the blink time and duration to the previous fixation. oh, right. okay. because you're not absorbing any new information, that's what the critical sort of deciding factor is. right. in that case, then these tears are already like blink corrected. yes. then you wouldn't have blinks as part of this. you'd want blinks as a separator if you're going to have it. it would be as separate to your... where just the mark. yeah. yeah, a chalk position. the key thing here is mutually exclusive and exhaustive. and the second key thing is it better be really clear to the people who are dealing with these codes. what's included in this case? yeah. whether any monkey business has been done around the blinks to correct for that. because, you know, it wouldn't necessarily be obvious looking at that set of codes. no, not certainly not looking at codes. yeah, i suppose if you know that eye track is the meal just snow. i know what to look for and what not to. does that mean you need to blink correct for the analysis then? i think using it comes out of the eye track already, right? they're already blink corrected. well, they're already identified as blinks. then it's... it is... what stage? i think the software that i've used, the pools, the blinks. so i'll add it on. i'm not sure what... right. so that's the software that comes with the eye track. the end of the software that comes with the eye track. yeah, so it's certainly listed as a separate event in the stream. blinks are a tag from the edf and that's everything. it's registered, is it? okay. if you want the blinks to merge into a fixation in my worth, making that part of the requirement for the edf stuff, it's up to remind me to just add that analysis to it. i mean, this isn't after they just check the times of time. yeah, i mean, if it won't... because of the fixation, it'll be down to what we define as a gaze. so basically, the time from when somebody starts looking at an object until they leave it. and so if they blinked a lot within that, they're still looking at an object. so it's just the time in to the time out. right. but what we need to know is, like, at what stage in the eye track is offered, does that, and whether that gets through so that craig gets it automatically in what he's translating to gdf, whether he needs to redo the same analysis because something about the data path cuts off that analysis for the eye tracker. or whether we even like it, right? and want to do it some different way. yeah, i think we ask you for that as it stands, does contain the blinker information. yes. because i'm sure that's a pedant in the documentation i've read through. yeah, there's a blinker. but it could be these things are corrected for blinks in this way. plus, there's blinker information. possibly. you know, it teaches us a fixation around blinks, and it also just happens to tell you where the blinks are. because as i was saying, they like to use blinkeraders, measures to cognitive difficulties. right, okay. yeah, so i'm not my worth. i started looking at that and just seeing what date is already in the s.e format. and whether you want me to do any correction as part of the analysis. i've got to do an analysis for the fixations on parts and things anyway. so, yeah, i don't think check the blinks during that isn't going to be a big problem. it should just be a matter of treating it on the point to the last fixation or something. yeah. so. if they're not still fixating on it when they come back out of the blink, then why is that the right thing to do analytically? well, the real reason is, as long as they've been blinking, even if they're in open range somewhere else, that's when they start absorbing the information. oh, right. yeah, you said that. it's basically like it's a long secade, kind of a facial suppression when you move. and it's the scene when you're blinking, you're not taking anything in. well, but does the duration of fixations count for anything? if you're just adding the link to the fixation, you're not treating it as a secade. it's that, yes. that's for this sort of geys time measure. it's not actually, the fixations are still independent. so the fixation duration doesn't include the blink in the ascii yet. it's only when we start looking at sort of the total geys, the total amount of time spent looking at one particular object, which includes all these sort of multiple fixations and any blinks and that sort of thing. okay. i can't get this. yeah. yeah. viewing time. right. so more complicated than i thought. yeah, i've forgotten about the multiple fixations on an object. yeah. okay. it's as the area you're looking for a final thing that just says, between this time and this time, you're looking at this object, between this time and this time, you're not looking at anything. yeah. although we also still need a count of the fixations, just so we can have, you've got a measure of the average fixation duration, again, just to see if it's been longer, just more stable move that i fixation or not. yeah. yeah. i think at the moment, the gdf one has fixations in it. so i guess that would be part of the gdf2nxt transformation to fixations into gases and whatever else. yeah. okay. okay. don't worry about that just the moment. okay. i mean, this is kind of what we were talking about before, this confusion about what's in the gdf. i mean, you might see it as the initial gdf is just whatever straightforwardly translates without, you know, without transforms, with just the data format changing from the ascii. and then there's a bunch of other things that get added that you might still want to be in augmented gdf format, like this blink and the gaze and whatever else. and then you translate to nxt. you might still want to have everything in this one gdf file format that represents everything. and then the nxt thing is just a splitter. it's not doing any fancy analysis. right. so i see this as, you know, a bunch of little routines that take the gdf without this information in it and add new information into it. and then the gdf file that contains these post-process analysis. well, that's partly why i brought this up now. i'm not sure at what point in the data path things sort of happen. but that's what i want to end. right. yeah. so will you actually be doing much of the gdf? or are you expecting the most in ascii at the nxt? so when you're actually doing your results? well, the nxt stuff will have the more complete picture because it will include combining all the linguistics with all the movements and the actions. right. but there'll be, i suppose, just some purely, i'm, i'm meant to stuff we could do presumably for gdf. yeah. yeah, you told me earlier because you could do a quick analysis on the gdf stuff that happened before you did the dialogal analysis stuff. so you can get some results anyway, can't you? yeah. i mean, it doesn't matter which data format it's in nxt or gdf. but it makes more sense for the converter between gdf and nxt not to add any data. all it does is do this stupid data format conversion. and it's just, you know, separating it out into little steps. so, you know, there have to be these other scripts that add any data transforms. that data format transforms, but data transforms like this idea of putting together gazes from fixations. so, you know, if we keep it simpler like that so that it's in little pieces, then it'll be just easier to understand what the whole thing does. right. okay. because you know, if suddenly you discover there's a problem with the gdf to nxt transform, you want to know whether it's one of these little post processes going wrong or whether it's just the thing that dumps it into the multiple files for the... and gdf to nxt transform is pretty simple. so... right. and that's also why i sent you the sub-rukin software that takes the ascii format originally, and then just... oh, yeah, yeah, the german stuff. yeah, yeah, yeah, the german stuff. because that little utility does things like... well, you can tell it to what to do with blinks, whether just the lump of the data or not, what the minimum fixation duration per stable fixation would be. so, if it picks up fixations less than say 50 milliseconds, you can tell it just to, again, lump them all together. that's not a reliable enough fixation. but you can put in these sort of things. so, that's a bit of software sent, and that includes the sub-rukin things as well. so, i'll tell you a little bit of what we're going to do with that source code and that restriction on that. so, that's like all the analysis that you need to do to things. are you just going to copy what they do? or is it documented like why they did it the way they did it, or is it just... no, there's very little documentation. there's like a bunch of police or things. what's good starting point, right? so, it'd be interesting to see if you agree with the decisions they made about how to do things. yeah, i suppose i can easily look through it and start writing out some documentation on it. and then, i'll get that going sort of starting point for us to talk about today for what analysis we need to actually do on it. yeah, crazy. yeah, great idea. switches on whatever else you need to do. okay. good. okay. yeah, so, one to one. yeah. well, one to one. one to one. yeah. well, one to one. one to one. a bit more of a look at this gds stuff. then start looking through that. start looking through that and make sure that that works. and then, i'll just say, there are a lot of strange vintage tags that the i link produces that are fairly meaningless. and it's strips say a lot the junk. yeah, yeah, that, yeah. and that, no, that the, the, the jess analyzing those quite a few things as well. well, we don't want to build it into our data path. we just want to learn from it, i think, right? correct? right. thank you. possibly. but the things that use it that are useful for generating this gds stuff, i can easily incorporate whatever functions it takes from into jess analyzer when i'm doing the gds stuff. i'm just thinking, you know, lucky. so this takes the asking to simplify the asking and simplified in with transforms in it asking. and it's just, it seems to me harder to maintain something that's got that in it. it would be better to break things up into like steps. and i'll, well, why do i think this? i don't know, because it's somebody else's program and then they're going to give us the next version and that's going to break our entire line. yes, you know, that's the main reason. yeah, yeah, i mean, well, you know, let's say what, well, well, well, playing to do with it then. let's take that, let's take this off to find out what functions are useful for us in that and then use those functions to generate the stuff that goes into the xml file. i can imagine that also requiring some discussion about what they do is what we actually want to do. that should be interesting. yeah, yeah. but first part of that will be documenting what they've got and then discussing it with robin. well, it's not going to be quite grabable because it's written in java. right. but, yeah, well, i'll try to motion mostly here. i'll show you almost the logic is going to be. yeah, well, yeah. and if in doubt, don't filter stuff out, keep it in right because we always dump it to this other nxt track that we don't need to load necessarily. right. the idea is you just keep stuff from us. yeah, it's always better than making too much compression to start with and then you know, i'm able to go back. yeah, so some of those xml nxt will handle it, will it? oh, yeah, it's easy enough to dump stuff into a separate track. yeah. we got to teach you about this at some point though. so, still not quite sure when. it sounds like maybe in another week. okay, okay. jonathan, maybe you promised that to tell you about it when you first arrived. you're going to get overload about looking at our tracks. you leave very quickly. it's just too many things at once and it was an important that it be then. yeah, well, i've got to hire you all the stuff over here and been going through. yeah, it looks like it's coming to the end of the stuff, the stuff is listed there already. i'm going to start looking at that as an x-ray. he's a cool customer, he's ready for it. okay, i think we're done, right? yep. oh, i... my peaches blank still. sorry? oh, yeah, i don't know. i don't really need to. this just says, look at the wiki. find out what's next. you could give craig more work to do. this one's fine. i might be having to check out these batteries and things, won't i? oh, yeah. we'll take that. well, we'll do it with the trains as bad as today. i don't know if craig was just praising that set. okay. oh, yeah. we're going to have to do the data state to just try the data. i don't know if it's going to be good. i don't know if it's going to be good. i think that's the thing. i think that's the thing. i think that's the thing. yeah. well, i don't know if it's going to be good. i said, oh, yeah, but i would tell you to go off your set. okay. thank you. you
