oh, no. okay. thanks for coming to this meeting. how are we doing on our remote? we have some, we have some ideas and some ideas for what people want. oh, yeah. well, yeah. i was asked that they went away. yeah. i think. all right. let us just go over the agenda real quick for this meeting. see if i cannot get things moving along here a little bit better. i will go over what we went over last time, which should not take long. then i believe each of you have a presentation. i have was sent a couple more requirements for our remote, what they want. then we can come to a conclusion on what we want the remote to do and how it is going to do it hopefully. and then we will have the closing, which we will have 40 minutes for. let us see, the last meeting we went over who was responsible for what? i am responsible for leading the meetings, keeping the notes and coming up with the final presentation. my name is karen. i am a marketing expert. she is going to figure out what. what the conser wants. ryan is our user interface designer. and manuel is the industrial designer. so you are going to come up with the ideas, ryan. and you are going to pick him apart. we decided our remote. we wanted to be a universal remote that everyone would want. we want it to be modern. fun, different. it needs to be sturdy. easy to find. so we are going to have that locator function. and we want to be different. and then we went over a couple of different ideas, ball, shape, phone, the keyboard shape. we decided that it should probably be one handed, something we could use with one hand. and that was our last meeting. so why do not do each of you have a presentation? okay. i will hand it off to you. does anyone want to go first? so we can maybe see what the people want. what was it function? eight. affinate. okay. well. how do i get a. slime show to go to the next one. okay. all right. well, this is my report, which is going to be based pretty much on a survey that i was sent. oh gosh. i have no idea. you just press the arrow key. sorry. i actually need to see something else on my screen. i am not sure if i can see it. hit f8 again. yeah. i think. then again. yeah. you want to be on both screens or just just your. just your. is that possible? yeah. but i think you have to hit escape. and then you can. yeah. okay, but now you do not have that. oh, hit f8 again. i know. i did not say. and then it should come up. you are shortly. okay. so is there no way i can give you the slides. i think. oh, give us a slideshow and something on your screen. yeah. i am not sure you can maybe minimize that screen and then. have them both up at the same time. okay. so first of all, the method that i used was by doing some marketing research by. doing research on some interviews that were conducted. and then some internet research. and i was sent a report that was. i think there were a hundred remote users that they interviewed. and so i will show you some of the results from that, which i think will be helpful. okay, here are some of the findings. they said that the users dislike the look and feel of their current remote controls. and 75% of the users find their remote controls to be ugly, which is a fairly significant nber, i would say. and 80% of the users would be willing to spend more money if they could get a remote that would look fancy. i think that earlier we were on to something when we were talking about having a modern cool look. i think that is definitely important. they say the current remote controls do not match well the operating behavior of the user. 75% of the users said they zap a lot. and if anyone could clarify what that means. zap. does that just mean like seeing the channel? just using it. okay. and 50% of the users say that they are only using 10% of the buttons on their remote control. and there was something else. they kept track of the frequency per hour and using certain buttons. and some of them it looks like barely needs to be included at all. of course, channel selection is used the most frequently. and then teletext was the next vole and then power. and then audio settings and screen settings and channel settings were practically never used. so i think we could definitely eliminate or somehow combine a lot of the functions into one button. the biggest user frustrations, as we said, 50% of people find that their remote are lost somewhere. and so i think a tracking device of some sort would be a good idea. they said it takes 34% said it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote. and 26% said that the controls are bad for rsi. we are going to pass it to australian injury. what is it? just a repetitive australian injury. i guess. okay. and so base. okay. as far as speech recognition goes, the younger group looks like they are all for it from the 15 to 25 age group. over 90% said they would pay more. and it kind of just went down incrementally the groups at the older they get. it looks like the less willing they are to pay. so maybe we could discuss this and think. decide if we think it is worth investing in this. at least if we are targeting the younger groups. and so in conclusion, some things that i drew from this are that i think we were correct. we definitely need to focus on a new modern appearance since so many people seem to be concerned about the ugliness of the remote control. a multi-functional remote could be a good thing to explore. so you only have one rather than five different remote sitting all over your room. we need to simplify the remote and reduce the nber of buttons. get rid of the ones that do not seem to be serving much purpose. and then lastly, i thought that maybe we could discuss the idea of speech recognition. and that is it. okay. very nice. now we actually have some ideas of what what people want, what we should focus on. thank you. sorry, did you guys get time to write everything that you needed? i am having just listened to what i was saying. i will draw on some of the things as well. something is that sort of relevant to what i want to say. okay. so i am just going to, yeah, approach your technical functions design. the method i use was to explore the technical functions of remote control. and simply approach that i came to, it is to change program and operate an electronic device remotely. i mean, that is an obvious thing to say, but it is not attached to the device that you want to control. i had some things sent to me not very much to look at similar devices, to findings from them, and then personal preferences that i would suggest. we discussed the universal one. it is just been brought up again then. but i think a universal soul remote control is actually quite a difficult object to design. and possibly within maybe the budget that we do it. because you need to know all the specifications of all the electronic companies. i am not sure we have ever come across a universal remote control yourself. but you have to, there are nightmares here, you have to set them, reset them to everything. and that would only add buttons, whereas i think there is to take away buttons. so i think it is better than maybe the concentrate on, maybe it is the universal one for tvs. or maybe just one that you could, we could design and then different people, manufacturers could use it to set their specifications. if the aim is to get something that is unique in design. okay, here is just two pictures of remote controls. it is just simple tv remote controls. but one is user-centered, that is the one on the left. you need to straight away see there is less buttons. and the other one is some engineered-centered, where that is more specified fully. sort of the elaborate piece of equipment that is trying to control. and that is which appeals more to the product that we want. and what defines, as i have said in the market research and stuff, we are probably looking at someone that should be user-centered, fewer buttons, simpler to use. and if 10% is hidden away, if 10% is what is used, maybe the other 50%. the buttons that are used very early, like prograing, they could be hidden, maybe, on some remote controls, you might have come across, and maybe a little flip thing, where they are hidden away, and the main buttons that are on the ones you come across. and finally, sort of covered that up product, i think, should be used interface-oriented. like i said, to concentrate on tv remote control, the universal remote might be too complex. and as what the major findings and market research has just said, is the image and the appearance that people dislike, so that we should concentrate on something that would set a trend, and then change the fashion of remote controls. and that is it. okay, over there. thank you. what was your last conclusion on that one? focus on the image of it. the actual design. okay. good, good. thank you. okay. i will talk to you about the working design. the interior is basically, which is what dictates the design, both the interface, basically, and the outer appearance, because this is all the stuff that needs to go in there. so unfortunately, the people who were supposed to do this little presentation for me, obviously, were too drunk to actually accomplish it. so i am going to do lots of the stuff on the board. just... this is the basic premise of a remote control. the basic function is to send messages to another system. it is clear. an energy source feeds an integrated circuit, a chip, that can compose messages. often in the form of infrared bits, this is the most, mostly used. there is also some sound systems, but infrared is the better, or the more, more used system parts are cheaper as well. so i am going to face controls the chip, and accordingly, the messages. this is where my people screwed up, basically. so i am going to explain that on the board, other. what we have is different components that obviously need to go in there, we will start with an energy source. it is usually a battery, right? since it is not feasible to add a cable to that. this energy source, of course, is connected to the user interface itself, which can be buttons, whatever, which in fact controls a chip. just the user interface, and then we have the chip. the way this goes normally is that this chip then controls an infrared lamp that sends out the signal. of course, the signal differs accordingly, depending on what the chip tells the infrared lamp. and of course, that is controlled. the chip itself is controlled by the user interface. the way you normally do it is that you add a little device, such as a lamp, to the whole thing as well, so that you know that it is working. basically, you press something, you get a response, which is also comparatively important on one of those devices. now, what we are talking about here are what i think should be discussed are these two components, mostly the energy source for one thing can be altered, but we probably cannot alter is, of course, the infrared, the sending device, basically, the infrared lamp. we cannot change the chip, which controls the infrared lamp, these two components that we have to use, and these are dictated by the whole function of the whole thing. the lamp can be put on to the device. it does not have to be there. this can be discussed as well. we use the interface, that is something we can also discuss. as we have heard, speech recognition is the hype, obviously, in the moment. speech recognition interface, we do not know that, or if we just do the usual button thing, or we have a touch pad or something like that, that is something we can discuss. and, of course, the energy source, batteries, solar cells, who knows. of course, it is always a question whether these components are, in fact, available cheap enough, developed enough. but i suppose rather up to marketing, not you. so we can, to the industry of design. the more complex we make, and of course, the more expensive it is going to be. but people have said that they would, well, younger generations of people said that they would pay more for a speech recognition remote. so possibly, it might be worth the investment. i think speech recognition was one of those things where there has to be really good for them to work. sometimes you find yourself just saying things over and over and you will be on your phone. i agree. and it needs self-taking to like languages, and then different dialects, i suppose. myself, i find when you, when there is something that speaks speech recognition, like you call on the phone and you try to change your telephone or power or something, sometimes they have a speech recognition on the other end, and you say one for this, and you find yourself saying the same thing over and over and over. i find myself, especially if i am in a crowd of people looking really silly. so maybe if you are sitting on your couch with a bunch of people, then... i do not know if, would you want to keep saying stuff? if you are watching something, what do you, sort of, in one is? vole up, vole down, change the channel, you know, channel up, channel down. i do not know. the first thing about these figures is 91% of the youngest age groups said they would do it, but probably a lot of them, that is actually there is parents money, like i do not know if they would actually go out and purchase this themselves, a 15-year-old, you know? as well, the giick factor. yeah. so the younger people are practical. it is a giick factor that they like at first and... yeah, well. ...get old here. okay. let us see here. okay, but you will... ...go back in. yeah, i guess so. i will try to check. now i was sent a couple of things to modify or... ...a new requirements. the remote is only going to be for the television, which is good because we already decided your research showed that not only is the universal remote more complicated, it is more costly, and your research showed that, you know, most of the people do not even use it. i think you said 50% of the people only use 10% of the buttons. so if we remove the universal remote, then that solves that problem. no teletext. so we do not have to worry about that. but we do have to use the company wants us to incorporate the corporate color and our slogan, which is we put the fashion in electronics. and our corporate colors are gray and yellow. and we could probably get away with black too, but... ...those are the three new requirements that i was told we need to use. from all three of your presentations, i think that we were on the right track a lot in our last meeting. so we want something that looks good. we want something that is simple. we want something that you can find easily. and the speech recognition, i guess, is kind of a give or take. it is going to cost more. the younger people say that they like it, but it is probably... ...it is probably not worth the investment at this point in time. so maybe we should just do away with speech recognition. and that way we can focus on our form. i did have a thought about the sort of the tracking thing. it came with maybe a holder. or a holster, whatever you want to call it. you should put it back in. if you do not put it back in, you press something like a little bit more on that. and that just sort of sends out a beat to find where it is, is not it? i did not forget to mention me too, complex. that would be good if we were going with our ball. or with any form that would be good. the charger for... we could use rechargeable batteries in the remote. and that would be solar. however you wanted to go about it, the holder could also be the charging unit. with the locator button. and if it were the ball, you would no longer have to have a flat space on it. and if we still have this, you just hold on to it. yeah, you put it on the couch table while you are watching. it is going to roll away. so that is not an issue. so i guess after the meeting, we will have some questionnaires. and some smaries for what is going on. then we will take lunch. we can come back and work on our individual work. i will do the minutes. let us see. it looks like you are already on your way for working with the components. chips. what chips we need and what... how to power it and what not. user interface concept. we want it to be something simple. minimal nber of buttons. i guess our main thing that we should focus on until then is probably deciding on a certain look. yeah. right. did you have time earlier to work on that? did you guys feel you have enough time in between our meetings to get everything done that you need to get done? i will try to look at the actual opinions in my next break. i do still think it needs to be something that is ultimately one handed ball is probably not going to do. and even something like that might be difficult. so i think still has a bit of variation on maybe a... i am a great time group, but maybe not as silly as boy as playing as a great time group. should we maybe shoot for a specific target group? that way we could... if we are shooting for young guys, then it is a certain look to the remote or girls or older people. would that... you think that would help us find a specific form that we would want to pick out? i do not know if that might... come on. do you find anything for or not? yeah, not yet, but maybe by the next meeting we will have something on that. okay. so we know that the remote is going to have to be... let us just say we have got a color scheme for it. yellow and... you know, yellow, it is nice and bright with buttons being gray or black and our slogan pasted somewhere on it on the bottom. maybe we could sketch... so basically all of our motes, all of our typical motes now are just kind of a rectangular sort. maybe we could flare it or something, you know, so it is more... of course, this will look like a bone then. let us go ahead and erase this. hope everyone memorized that. i mean, matt being to look at the shape and trend of things like mobile phones and shapes that they have been going... yeah, they have gone from big brick block things which still do not move on the remote control. so it is all slinky, small things. yeah, everybody is got a mobile phone, except for me now. but they are all mobile phones. they have kind of taken a turn to where they are really small, which may defeat our purpose for being able to locate or remote all the time. but then again, you do not want, you know, like the first mobile phone that was this big and you had a handbag carried around in. so we have got basically what the motes look like now is kind of what we are stuck with. maybe we could go with a square or something. you know, with minimal nber of buttons. i guess you have got, you know, one through nine. if you are typing in your channels, you have got vole up and down, channel up and down. power. usually at the top. that is the class design. that is pretty much all you need, i think. a menu button, maybe. so, you know, if you, if we want the remote to do other things like, or i guess the tv to be able to change the tint and the color and, you know, all those kind of things that are built into tvs. we just have that under one standard menu button where you go and press the menu button, scroll up and down to select it. talking of which, maybe scrolling function is not not too bad. so, talk about maybe. look at that from the side there, maybe, which is technically the easiest option would probably be like scrolling. scrolling wheel like this. like a wheel on your mouse. like that. you can even, if we are coming from mice, we can add a click function where you, or to verify the information, you just press it down. it is a good idea. also, when it comes to the ergonomics of the whole thing, if you want to make it square for the looks of it, then maybe. to make it more comfortable to hold the whole thing, you add a little bulge down here, which may be from an engineering point, this could be holding the batteries and so on. i know you know what i am getting at here. yeah, look at it from the side. it is like that. you hold it in your hand like this. and maybe you bring the buttons nearer to the, or the important buttons nearer to the, to the side. maybe the buttons could like decorations, the bigger ones, you know, that you have actually been bigger in size than the ones that are less important, smaller here. you can also have it maybe talking about mobile phones again, sliding open. yeah. with the lesser used functions, a bit of a start, and then slides into that part. exactly. just been sketching something similar, just like on a sort of side view. something that, you know, would sort of fit in the hand better. so you need to sort of have your hand. oh, it is just thinking this, this of course causes. it causes a problem for left or right handed people. yeah, so. yeah, instantly. right. but i mean, it is the old. yeah, is everyone who in here is right handed left handed? you guys all right. yeah, so i am left handed, but. so i can say that most things are designed for right handed people. that is what like the written language. or english. maybe you could buy like a special left handed version of the remote. maybe. oh, special order. i would say, i mean, it should be probably designed for right person. yeah. but that is, that is good. that is, i think we have got kind of a good plan there. at least for what buttons we are going to use. so we have got. i like the scroll, the scroll action and the. i mean, i am just just thinking maybe. if it was. i mean, i think it is a circular. , with this sort of. that is sort of. that is sort of earlier idea we had. but the way that was more like that. whereas this is just. one handy thing that you sort of almost. we have around the thb. so you would have you put your hand into the other thb there. you know, you are thb would you have all the buttons sort of around here. and that i think could work. and if you just had it like right around there left all right. minimizing size wise. many eyes each size. you know, very quite small. then there is maybe. another point of making it. the two and one kind of thing. if we have smaller. a smaller device that actually fits into the big one. you are full functions in here. and just a couple of functions in there. yeah. like your. zepp. zeppin device. it is just channels up down vole. and on off. that is it. yeah. maybe. so two remotes in one. but then would be easier to lose. one for the other. that is right. the big one has to be sufficiently big. perhaps heavy. so you cannot move it around. make it a piece of furniture. it actually is your coffee table. yes. yes. there you go. stay true. okay. well, we need to finish up here. so for the next. so for the next before the next meeting. what shall we work on? you are watching trends to see what kind of new information we have got going on. so we are going to work on the components for what we are going to use. let us go with our. rounded. kind of fit in your hand. let us explore the possibility of having the two piece. so one for the quick zapping. and possibly one, you know, with just that rounded part that fits into your hand. and you work on how, how well they will work with the user. so both of those concepts. and. okay. i think we made some good progress here. see you in. i do not know. i guess we will take lunch. and about half an hour. or i guess we will be taking lunch shortly. and then then about half an hour after that. we will probably have another meeting. all right. okay.
