i mean if you were ever late because of that it is not, we will find a way around it. and i have put you guys on mondays at this time for my convenience but it is not like it is important. well i was just basically getting out but i wanted to make it in time but it is just because all the leaves and things, the trains were not stopping at the stations so i decided to speak for stations on. you are just sleeting past. you really? yeah. great. so what they have to do back up? i am not sure. but then the busing people in this cruise station have particularly problems like there is on a hill or something. so i had to bus people in from stations either side. yeah. masty. yeah. but yeah, at least it was pre-restrictions instead of like trains flying past into various things. yeah, we are glad they look after that bit. oh, yeah. i do not know. do we want to look at anything? it is not up yet. still 56% confusing. i can skip it. is not it just doing a disc check or something? i do not know what it is doing. rips it, fella. does not like silk. stay. and now we are going to discover we have got no reason to meet, right? because everything is going swiingly. well, you know, apart of problem, apart from waiting for the get contagious sort of. because i have not read the wikis in my email since i left. so. yeah, i have not added anything to wiki recently. so i have been working on trying to get the xml stuff working. so basically doing how to have the dom works. so i can do the next, so i can generate the ddf files. oh, yeah. so, yeah, so i just just just read three docentation. that is what was doing the end last week. just someone i know how it all works and both of you have the best way to do things. but at the moment, i am playing about the dom stuff in zilla. because just so i can see how it works with the html pages. so i can generate the x, so i can generate xhml stuff and see how it all works there. this was much easier to just see how things work in that. well, i do not know the mizzela stuff. so if it turns out that it is idiosyncratic in some way that teaches you funny habits, then it will not have been a good idea. well, the api is standardized by the w3c. so the api is standing between everything. well, there are certain companies that i do not want to name. we do not always get it right. but yeah, mizzela, yeah, it will be all right. yeah, yeah, yeah. it is just as a coon. i believe you now. it is a good strategy. yeah, yeah. well, yeah, well, it does not like me. so this is a mizzela-only feature and things like that. so i have been avoiding those anyway. it is just that that is quite a quick way to just to get into how the dom works. because i can just quickly generate a web page and just add things to it and take things away. and see exactly what is going on at the time. so what, why does it help for the text html? just xml? just because xhml has a nice, you know, that you got browsers there. so you can actually see, you can actually see directly what is going on. most browsers, when you put an xml file up in it, it will just apply some default styles to it anyway that shows you. yeah, well, i am using xhml. so all the web pages are xhml. so it is xml just with the html dtd. okay, yeah. just a bit of difficulty. i have not quite finalized the gdf format. so you are going to have to do a swap in tagnames later. yeah, so all i have to do is change that sort of thing. everybody is got their different ways of doing these things. i am sure that is fine. i mean, it also comes out in the end. yeah, no, i am just trying to think of the things that could go wrong. but since i have not tried it this particular way, you know. but yeah, that sounds good. so, you say we have not finalized what the gdf looks like. is that an implicit request for me to do something or? no, well, what i am doing the moment, i am looking through the stuff that is throwing in front of the wiki to say what we need in the output format for the task. so what you are going to do the analysis on. so i am making sure that i can take that information out of the gdf as it is state at the moment. if i find something that you cannot get out of it, then i can add that to the gdf format. yeah, as a, well, i mean, there is two cases in here, right? there is things you can get straight off the original format. and then there is things you have to do some kind of post-processing of the original format. but it is not just a data format change, it is actually some kind of computational process to get the thing out of it as well, right? yeah, yeah. and it was not, i think it was a little bit confused last time we spoke about whether you consider gdf format to be the thing that is just straightforward translations of what is in the original eye tracking output. or whether, like, whether the post-processing utilities are a separate step. because i think you and i had separate different views on this, but i cannot remember who had which view. have this point. yeah, well, so are you working on actively on this analysis things or are you just working on the translation? well, i am trying, i am making sure that the gdf format we have got in the moment, well, well, outputs, they, well, i have got an old in assets that robyn is looking for. so i am using it as a way to get into using the dom things as well. so, yeah, so the moment i am looking at actually the gdf format itself, and then to generate the gdf format, i am going to be taking stuff out of the jest analyzer, and then using the dom parser to generate x-water. okay, so you have a little bit of what is in there and what is not in there that you need to do some really intensive transform to do? no, no, but the output of the jest analyzer does do some of the processing already, which is what i am planning to use as the basis for it. because that already picks up target readers and things like that. so it knows whether you are looking at a part or whether you are looking at target area or whatever. so, yeah, so there is always got that in it somewhere. so i am just going to pull that out and put that into the gdf. okay, so this sounds like it is under control when you are happy and you guys are telling each other what you guys need to know. so i do not need to do anything, right? nope. you are all fine. but there was a nber of things that came before this, right? it sounds like they are not under control yet. so, you know, the gdf stuff, so ellen is view on this is we go through everything in order. like the priority is exactly the pipeline order, right? yeah. so, , camtasia, you mentioned. yeah. and i am not sure what else, but we should check what other things will before this, and i will ask you things to do. yeah, yeah. i think the other thing i have got left to leave before the experience we run is get the check camtasia works. no, we have got camtasia running on machines, and i think that is up correctly. but i cannot test it until we get the mic friends working. until you get the microphones. oh, microphones. it is batteries we are waiting for. batteries. yeah, they are due. i was told the beginning this week. okay. are they really, really strange batteries? they are quite strange. have you tried mappler? , it is, , , abrol has ordered them from some person. i think so. no, no, no. developed. like 150 each or something like that. because, you know, like we bus journey over to mapplin might solve the problem if it is getting in the way. , well, hopefully that they should have been here last week, but caroline then flew in to chase them. and they were told to be here. should be today. so this is not actually, , ruining your schedule for anything. and that is why you are waiting. , well, we can still test whether camtizia runs anyway. it is just the, , whether it is the microphones are picking up things correctly. right. okay. so it sounds like you are not actually worried about the fact that this is not yet. yeah. when you get worried, go to mapplin. okay. phone and first to make sure that they are in there. somebody around must have a police steve. somebody in the techie group will have a mapplin catalog. okay. i will see if i can. it is useful to know who is got a current one anyway. i do not seem to get them anymore. i guess they do not buy enough equipment. only must have stopped lying these days. anyways, no. oh, yeah. of course. d. so you can find out whether they have it, but you would have to phone them and find out if they have not stopped on that. i actually lived not that far from that. , so it would be, , half our, , diversion from my morning routine to pick up stuff. , but then again, it is also very close to hey market. yeah. so it is even less of a diversion for you. except you do not know your way around. i can easily get to mapplin. i do not worry stuff. are you slivissa? i do not know. i just live here on my gig. i know we are doing, i know we are mapplin. yeah. i just think, well, you know, the mistake of three quid or however many quid, how many betters is the sink deck? does not take a hundred. no, it is two batteries we need. yeah. then, you know, put your mind at rest. you know, you would not want it to be the morning that was supposed to be recording. that is what makes this guy. you know, you know, this. i suppose i could give you a call in the way in tomorrow. and if not pay the bill, then i will just go. you know this. i suppose i could give you a call in the way in tomorrow. and if not pay the bill in your pigeonhole like an easy gun for training early and just pick them up from there. yeah, check they have got them first. the stocks are a bit funny down there. right. yeah. well, i am making sure i am making that and make sure i have got the phone nber and my phone so i can call them. because you know, it is not bad attractive in area to walk through if you are not going to get any of the kind of things. well, true. true. so, that is the way it is. so, of all the things that were on the wiki, do i need to pull up the wiki? no, it is going to let me log in. it is still probably the end. yeah. no, i do not want to change my password. but you guys probably know off the top of your head. is there anything else that we were waiting on before you could run? remember. so, all those tasks were i can have a set of things. the only thing that is cool to me slightly up is checking whether jews finished. there is a working model builder. but i am not sure if it is the finished version yet. his last day was the 31st of october. yeah, he still had hours left. i was not sure if it was down to the nber of hours or where the 31st of october. oh, yeah. no, it is hours. yeah, it is hours. i was so he is got hours left. he is behind him. i think he was building for, he was building by the hour. so, i thought, well, i mean, obviously if he wants to finish off then, you know. i am nine, nine megan has gone dead for almost the last two weeks. oh, well, they are probably away then. well, they are really the same place. well, they are really the same place. well, i do not know. they are really the same place. no, i think what they had was some big review. oh, yeah, it could be it. and so i have not heard anything back from them. so, the models for... oh, you have no models at all. oh, that is a pity. model builder. that is what i was calling a graphical model editor, right? so, you use x-pig to make the parts and then you... well, we do not need to make the parts are all the standard 10 gram ones out before anyway. the x-pig thing was only when we come to building airplanes and you peculiar shapes. but for this experiment, it is just a 10 gram type test. okay. i have something in my email about from joe. he would not have sent it just to me, would he? do you want to check that? i am not going to project my email. yes. i will tell you that one way. that means you did not leave anything per day and anything from you for a week or so anyway. okay, i think i might have heard there is a... i cannot remember exactly what it was. that is a new way then. it is the last thing in response to the thing i was seeing last week, the parallel-alground being the only round from the model... yeah, yeah. that is also a screenshot. yeah. nothing has... i have not heard anything since from either. i say the method ones are from you. okay. i think that is something on the 28th that is friday, i think. oh, he just wants to know how to get paid. right, that suggests he is done, done, done. anyway, he is in adam is breast, so... well, i suppose he will not come back as kricks on his desk. it was he back. yeah. right. okay, so... well, i am using the nice machine. so if one is to pop in for five minutes, the windows machines... free from at the moment. well, he is just not going to try to squat there, that is all. so the last thing i have got from him about work, was the 19th of october that said he uploaded some changes that you wanted. oh, see, you did not get that. it was just me and him, but presably he put it on the wiki, so... so he is just telling us, because he thinks we have probably do not read wiki. and i will just check. yeah, it was after that. it was the thing about playing the parallelogram. it was a mirror image. yeah, i am considering we were getting an email off him. yeah, i think it got sent through to the group saying that he would updated the... whatever it was on the wiki, so he would... he would uploaded a new zip file. never written the old one, sir. well, i have not replied to him about... yeah, i really do not have anything more... more recent from him. i have not replied to him about... you know, how to submit costs and stuff like that. but that is just, he is at the end of things, but we could just ask him. i mean, maybe you guys just want to ask him directly, you are done done, right? because that is what you guys are knowing. and then, of course, any problems that remain you and harry. but it is worth taking a look at what it does and making sure it does what you want. i guess... so the problem is you wanted to construct some models in it for your experiment, but you were hoping to get some from meryluse. yes, or at least she was meant to have some idea of the level of complexity, because they have actually run various and to get an idea of the sort of style and to check the b.o. right. all very quiet. right, have you tried cole calling? that is what i do when i need things that... no, it has just been email rather than telephone tape. oh, the question. if you get them today, why do not you start running? i am down for a week, it is the seventh week to the evening. oh, right, so you have to be ready by then. well, i have not written anything yet. but that is when i am hoping. right, okay. we have been, of course, put back a bit by track or going down. -h, yeah. makes sense. but we are certainly needing some data in the bag by the first of december, i think. yeah, so you do not have subjects lined up, but you do not expect any trouble getting them. hopefully not. the only other site complication is, which i think brought up at the meeting on thursday, for all the eye tracking users. yeah. the lab has been blocked, booked again. by? jules from psychology. i do not know this person. so they, well, they need to be serious about it. who is there? is that a staff member or a staff member? yeah. okay. well, we kind of paid for the lab. so it depends, but i suppose talking to them sometimes solves these problems. you might, it depends on what sort of staff member is it? lactur. right. i mean, presably he or she is not running subjects the entire... well, presably not, but it is sort of quite totally booked. for certainly what, 60s for 10 to 5 for two or three of those days. so, ellen is still out of town, right? it is just, you could try calling this person and see how this works. ellen might be more persuasive. it is just sometimes academic staff have a bit of a chip about research staff. and since i do not know the person, i cannot tell whether it is one of those or not. i would not. no, i can probably at least email her and ask her. she is really giving it all that pain. yeah, and that escalates, i guess. but, you know, or whether it can be put off for a little bit or something. so, i have no idea how the booking system works. well, you are discussing them thursday, right? well, yeah. at the moment, there is just a booking system. yeah. and people just, i think, can log on to it, can book it. yeah. well, that is one to raise at the meeting. i might talk to ellen about that ahead of time, because they may have, she and martin may have had discussions about appropriate use of the lab. in theory, jess is meant to have it every morning. oh, really? yeah, but do not you guys set up for is not black booking more appropriate? because, is not there set up involved in chanting around for somebody else? there should not be any changes in the physical connection. no, or in the software or anything. no. okay. so, there is no cost associated with it being mornings or afternames. no. as long as other people do not, for some reason, i do not know, disconnect some bits of equipment. there is no reason why it should be. so, in the worst case, you may be able to make an argent if you actually need that week that you can collect in the mornings that week. is there something that is known outside ellen is head? yes, it is on the bookings system. it is not on the booking system. it is on a web page that frank created a big lab. oh, well, that is okay. but you do not know if anybody actually knows his later. well, that is the time to, yeah. so, it sounds like you have got a lot of possible ways of getting what time you need. of course, try to be kind to other people, but you would anyway. so, those are the only things that are worrying you. camtasia and lab access. and otherwise, no sweat, you are happy. i have also got to get camtasia. oh, it is the lot of builders here. well, yes, the model. i have got to get camtasia working as a sort of a little multimedia thing to generate a video, how to sort of an instructional video. oh, yeah. this is going to take a little while. i will have to do this week. well, i am hoping. once i go around trial out, give you some screenshots to work with. and then just be able to add in your video of makes movements or whatever. yeah, but you were going to try and figure out how to overlay something on top of the video that... oh, no, you were just really going to run a video of the trial. yeah. that is as much as you. so, with the model builder, what do you need to do with it? which one of you is going to look at what it does so far? i will just try and do that. have a look. any problem with it? things are working paid up for that piece of... for that thing. so, you just put whatever recoendations bugs on that page and all work through them as and when i can. hopefully there is not a problem. i see that marlouis also made to be checking it and doing things. how many models were you relying on her for? so, are you suddenly going to be...? it has not been divided up in that sort of way. well, what i am trying to get at is, is your start time going to be delayed because you do not have the models ready if she does not come through? depends how quickly i manage to get a group of it. vivio, how long it takes me to generate them or how i get on with the camtasia. -h, yeah. well... i am unsure of. yet. can you draft craig in to build some of this, sir? at least. yeah, i am not talking about using the software in the last, not that hard on them. it should not be any great problem. it is just checking that there are a suitable... ...with all the complexity of it. you know me contingency planning, obviously. i always worry about the worst. i know, quite quite right. yeah. you know, i want to go ahead and imagine the building, the building, the building, the model is going to be that hard. and i can easily just... ...will have many thousands there on that... ...to that website you found. just, you know, pick some of them, ...read in the jct format. that is... ...you know, it is pretty mechanical. i can easily do that. there is no choice but to choose from which ones you need to do. which i guess you have to do. oh, i was hoping chris could be able to do that. oh yeah, you need to. yeah, exactly. you can call a just telcon between you and marlouse. you know, if it is not the... ...see, you know, with a call calling, you can usually at least find out whether they are alive and getting... ...offer to get something. but, you know, the next... ...the next escalation is saying, no, we really need to talk about this. we are going to talk about it, you know, two-states. it is just such a time of lushy. yeah. it is a good time. i will try and get hilver again to the... ...simibly whatever it is they have been going through now over. i think it was up till the end of the two parts. so presably today they are now free or... ...taking a week off to recover, is it? i just take for that to... ...to slow you up and collecting stuff. that is all. well, hopefully it will not anyway. it is just... ...if i then do it, i hope we will get the right models. yeah, that is the... that is true. so it will be generated. it is whether the models are optimal or... that is quite a small thing she can do for you, i guess. it is not like, you know, sitting there, ...brain deadly, constructing... ...you know, some models that she needs to do. it is just a provided advice about this, which... ...must take... ...take less time. well, that all sounds fine. you guys worried about it? you worried about anything. we mostly have been talking about the experiment schedule, so... i think the next thing i am going to... the main thing i will go to today is get this contagious sort of thing out. the batteries for that. the problems are not worried, i am not worried. you are going to run out of things to... ...do that we have not set you up for any time soon. the gdf thing sounds like it might take a wee while. yeah, yeah, because i have got to finalize that format. and then once that is done, i will go to start looking at... ...the analysis side of it. this is all the dynamic region part of it. yeah. yeah, but you do not need anything for me for that, because that is already sort of... ...spec. i mean, again, that is the pair of you. yeah, yeah. i think the analysis will take a little while. i do not think it is going to take that long to get this stuff sorted out. it is going to be head to display it and all that sort of stuff. whatever makes it easiest for you to do. this is what i am worried about is him being in the lab all day long, and you are not being sure what to do for the analysis. or something. because you are going to be completely unavailable when you are recording, or whether you are times when you do not record all day. no, but it depends how many i can begin and get running. and before my brain melts. but when the experiment is running, yeah, it is... ...i will be in the lab. yeah, because he might... i cannot just go in and let them get started in the... oh, yeah, no, no, no, i understood that. it was one of the people planned, but... oh, it was more like, you know, so this week he is got... ...you know, the gdf stuff to do. then next week you are planning on recording. and what happens if suddenly you are unavailable all of next week... ...just when he runs out of work? there will certainly be time for now, because i am right next to the lab. anybody else come back just to check my email and things. so what were you about then? yeah, so i have also got to work on the dress analysis. and turn that into the gdf outputter. and, yeah, i can have a look at the model builder as well. yeah. the one thing i think about is we are looking at the part building. type stuff. and it might worth seeing if i can add a little part builder thing into the model builder. i am just going to tidy up some of the code for generating the parts anyway. the jst parts. what i do not know if we want to bond with a part builder. the idea was it was not worth the investment. yeah, yeah. but i am going to have a quick look at it and see how easy it is to add a couple of things to it. if i can use it to generate the roti-mangle, for example, the rotation syetry. which was what was causing the bugs before. so if i can use the model builder to automatically do that, then that would say quite a bit of work. so, let us say a few bugs. yeah, but now that the guy building these models know that they need to do the roti-m stuff. do you have trouble doing it? no. no. it is just something you have got to remember once the parts we build. yeah. well, i mean, we might want to severely cache a limit to the investment that you put into making a part builder. yeah. so how many person days would it be worth? like if craig discovered it could be done in x days. i would not pull them in one or two, certainly. right. so there is a limit. do not spend more than a day or two on it. yeah. i want to get you worth it. yeah. you have to understand there is things about this project we have hidden from you so far that you will have to learn about. i thought something like a map task like let us rather than wipe my task list. oh, really? oh, that would just be a little add-on. however it is, it will be the same skills as you have learned for something else. and it will just be, i am not even sure that is you because i think somebody else is doing that actually. but i am thinking more of the fact that at some point we should probably tell you about this nxt stuff. right. yeah. well, that is just x-able to x-able to x-able, is not it? turning g-df. oh, yeah, yeah. what up it is into nxt. but, you know, there is x-m-l and x-m-l and, you know, it takes stand-off links and stuff. it is some people that they are not used to linguistic annotation, take a little pun to get their head around the way the data model works. right, right. yeah, because there is stuff to learn there, so. yeah, that was the, yeah, from what we have heard about it is both x-m-l, the prograing side of it does not say in d-hide, it is going to be making sure that it fits what you expect out the format. yeah. but now that is fine, i will put plenty of questions for you once i get to that stage, i am sure. yeah, so just do not order away, you know, weeks on friepperies when we got the real meat we did this yet to come. we will find plenty of really, really crucial things for you to do. yeah. and i do think you will be tripling your homes. yeah, well, we will do a bit of thing, and we will go ahead and get camtay just sort of like this week, and it is on the dress and lies with the g-df stuff. and then, yeah, once we have done that, it is whatever you do, whatever you want me to do, once we have done the g-df. okay, so i will remind myself to look at what is next before the next time we get together. yeah. yeah, i am sorry, i am high on the g-df, i am pretty busy for a little while yet, so. yeah, well that is all i can say, i certainly keep you busy until this time next week, and i can sort of suggest things that might need to look at for the next stage. yeah. so you collect them monday? that means you do not want to meet, right? well, at 12 o'clock, next monday, the lab is taking the book to buy jewels. oh, right, it is actually next week, it is actually the week that you were planning on. it starts on this wednesday, and goes through to next wednesday. oh, okay. well, i do not know, anyway, you will tell me whether we cancel this, or whether i just talk to craig. in which case we will not be up here because we do not record twos. yep. okay. what else? yeah, why then, other competition is two weeks tomorrow, i start my teaching. oh yeah, that is really fun. let us see, that is like four lectures and four labs. that comes in an ideal time for you then. yes. that is like the 20th or something. i cannot add. which tomorrow is the first year? so it will be the 15th year and the 20th. actually, yeah, that reminds me a lot of what i will not be on thursday. i am going to be over in the next day. oh, yeah, you have to promise to tell us how that is. does people do ask me? fair enough. i do not think it is going to be that in depth. it is a waste of time to, you know, scale of one to seven. yeah, yes. i do not expect to be that in depth. it is 15 minutes on a variety of different topics. yeah. i am sure most of it i already know is like by safety, health safety, the protection, the usual stuff you get everywhere. the university will cover itself legally. well, they were going to do that when they pushed it to go to it. i would, and i would not know somebody who would gone to know. nobody is pulled it so far. i am pretty sure they did not have induction in my day, so. well, i do not remember being asked for an induction. really? but you only started here? in april. there was supposed to, i am sure. yeah, my mother would have... i would go invited to a smer garden party for new staff members. but that was... but that is all. oh, well. when i started being a student, we had the induction as a compulsory because a lot of students were doing teaching. and you could not do the teaching unless you would done the induction because you had to know about health and safety and by safety before you could take a charge of... yeah. because you were the responsible person in the classroom. so... yep. yeah, that is all. that is why i am doing it now. okay. let us see how i go. i will let... give you a report on friday or something. i have one nxt question. okay. it probably will not be... well, it is not one. hopefully, as part of the output, it will be something like that. is that correct? so you have got the gaze position of the first person. the second, the most position of the first, the most position of the second, and i do not know how i will call them most action or something. yeah. is that just in sort of... you mean, you cannot say that. so, it will be like in the monitor, but yeah, there will all be different tiers like that. and then there is the language stuff as well. yes, because of what... that is just the... yeah, this is the easy stuff. yeah. well, eisenmeis. eisenmeis. -h. and that is enough for you, right? i mean, that is just the way you want it. hopefully, that is... of course, a lot of things that can do that. it is the language parts that are part of the art part. yeah. so, it was just checking... i know the language parts, they say. i will tell you this would be the... yeah. that is the new part. that is interesting. do you know what the... the sets of codes are? well, whatever you are getting out of the jazz analyzer. so... yeah, whatever that is. blinks as well, right? yes, i am not sure we need to know exactly where they are, just how many there are. so, you do not want to part of the stage? i do not know. i suppose it could go... i think you should... well, there is two views on this. if you do, then the people formula- letting research questions will ask about them. right. but if you do not, they will probably ask about them anyway, and then you will have to add a amount of the fact. well, that is really easier, just to shove them in. you can stick them in a different track. and then, load them or not, load them as you please. because it is not... well, i do not know. is it part of... so, these are mutually exclusive and exhaustive sets of codes against time, right? is not blink a part of this? blink would... at the moment, just get lped in with the previous keys. yeah, but is not that important? because when they are blinking, basically, it is like a nail code. you cannot find out what they are doing otherwise. so, it may actually be important to have the blinks registered in there, because you may discover you need to take them into account to smooth some kind of analysis that you are doing. so, it could be that if only they had not had a blink just then, they would have been... i do not know what. yes, moving somewhere else, or it is more likely to be... blinking and seeing who is the other person is doing something. but you want to know that. not too much relies on missing stuff, because people blink. i was thinking more like, you know, the person looks at a part, and they have got a fixation before and after, and they are blinking in the middle. and, you know, there may be times when you want to treat that as one thing. yes. normally, we just... this is a... add the blink time and duration to the previous fixation. oh, right. okay. because you are not absorbing any new information, that is what the critical sort of deciding factor is. right. in that case, then these tears are already like blink corrected. yes. then you would not have blinks as part of this. you would want blinks as a separator if you are going to have it. it would be as separate to your... where just the mark. yeah. yeah, a chalk position. the key thing here is mutually exclusive and exhaustive. and the second key thing is it better be really clear to the people who are dealing with these codes. what is included in this case? yeah. whether any monkey business has been done around the blinks to correct for that. because, you know, it would not necessarily be obvious looking at that set of codes. no, not certainly not looking at codes. yeah, i suppose if you know that eye track is the meal just snow. i know what to look for and what not to. does that mean you need to blink correct for the analysis then? i think using it comes out of the eye track already, right? they are already blink corrected. well, they are already identified as blinks. then it is... it is... what stage? i think the software that i have used, the pools, the blinks. so i will add it on. i am not sure what... right. so that is the software that comes with the eye track. the end of the software that comes with the eye track. yeah, so it is certainly listed as a separate event in the stream. blinks are a tag from the edf and that is everything. it is registered, is it? okay. if you want the blinks to merge into a fixation in my worth, making that part of the requirement for the edf stuff, it is up to remind me to just add that analysis to it. i mean, this is not after they just check the times of time. yeah, i mean, if it will not... because of the fixation, it will be down to what we define as a gaze. so basically, the time from when somebody starts looking at an object until they leave it. and so if they blinked a lot within that, they are still looking at an object. so it is just the time in to the time out. right. but what we need to know is, like, at what stage in the eye track is offered, does that, and whether that gets through so that craig gets it automatically in what he is translating to gdf, whether he needs to redo the same analysis because something about the data path cuts off that analysis for the eye tracker. or whether we even like it, right? and want to do it some different way. yeah, i think we ask you for that as it stands, does contain the blinker information. yes. because i am sure that is a pedant in the docentation i have read through. yeah, there is a blinker. but it could be these things are corrected for blinks in this way. plus, there is blinker information. possibly. you know, it teaches us a fixation around blinks, and it also just happens to tell you where the blinks are. because as i was saying, they like to use blinkeraders, measures to cognitive difficulties. right, okay. yeah, so i am not my worth. i started looking at that and just seeing what date is already in the s.e format. and whether you want me to do any correction as part of the analysis. i have got to do an analysis for the fixations on parts and things anyway. so, yeah, i do not think check the blinks during that is not going to be a big problem. it should just be a matter of treating it on the point to the last fixation or something. yeah. so. if they are not still fixating on it when they come back out of the blink, then why is that the right thing to do analytically? well, the real reason is, as long as they have been blinking, even if they are in open range somewhere else, that is when they start absorbing the information. oh, right. yeah, you said that. it is basically like it is a long secade, kind of a facial suppression when you move. and it is the scene when you are blinking, you are not taking anything in. well, but does the duration of fixations count for anything? if you are just adding the link to the fixation, you are not treating it as a secade. it is that, yes. that is for this sort of geys time measure. it is not actually, the fixations are still independent. so the fixation duration does not include the blink in the ascii yet. it is only when we start looking at sort of the total geys, the total amount of time spent looking at one particular object, which includes all these sort of multiple fixations and any blinks and that sort of thing. okay. i cannot get this. yeah. yeah. viewing time. right. so more complicated than i thought. yeah, i have forgotten about the multiple fixations on an object. yeah. okay. it is as the area you are looking for a final thing that just says, between this time and this time, you are looking at this object, between this time and this time, you are not looking at anything. yeah. although we also still need a count of the fixations, just so we can have, you have got a measure of the average fixation duration, again, just to see if it is been longer, just more stable move that i fixation or not. yeah. yeah. i think at the moment, the gdf one has fixations in it. so i guess that would be part of the gdf2nxt transformation to fixations into gases and whatever else. yeah. okay. okay. do not worry about that just the moment. okay. i mean, this is kind of what we were talking about before, this confusion about what is in the gdf. i mean, you might see it as the initial gdf is just whatever straightforwardly translates without, you know, without transforms, with just the data format changing from the ascii. and then there is a bunch of other things that get added that you might still want to be in augmented gdf format, like this blink and the gaze and whatever else. and then you translate to nxt. you might still want to have everything in this one gdf file format that represents everything. and then the nxt thing is just a splitter. it is not doing any fancy analysis. right. so i see this as, you know, a bunch of little routines that take the gdf without this information in it and add new information into it. and then the gdf file that contains these post-process analysis. well, that is partly why i brought this up now. i am not sure at what point in the data path things sort of happen. but that is what i want to end. right. yeah. so will you actually be doing much of the gdf? or are you expecting the most in ascii at the nxt? so when you are actually doing your results? well, the nxt stuff will have the more complete picture because it will include combining all the linguistics with all the movements and the actions. right. but there will be, i suppose, just some purely, i am, i am meant to stuff we could do presably for gdf. yeah. yeah, you told me earlier because you could do a quick analysis on the gdf stuff that happened before you did the dialogal analysis stuff. so you can get some results anyway, cannot you? yeah. i mean, it does not matter which data format it is in nxt or gdf. but it makes more sense for the converter between gdf and nxt not to add any data. all it does is do this stupid data format conversion. and it is just, you know, separating it out into little steps. so, you know, there have to be these other scripts that add any data transforms. that data format transforms, but data transforms like this idea of putting together gazes from fixations. so, you know, if we keep it simpler like that so that it is in little pieces, then it will be just easier to understand what the whole thing does. right. okay. because you know, if suddenly you discover there is a problem with the gdf to nxt transform, you want to know whether it is one of these little post processes going wrong or whether it is just the thing that dps it into the multiple files for the... and gdf to nxt transform is pretty simple. so... right. and that is also why i sent you the sub-rukin software that takes the ascii format originally, and then just... oh, yeah, yeah, the german stuff. yeah, yeah, yeah, the german stuff. because that little utility does things like... well, you can tell it to what to do with blinks, whether just the lp of the data or not, what the minim fixation duration per stable fixation would be. so, if it picks up fixations less than say 50 milliseconds, you can tell it just to, again, lp them all together. that is not a reliable enough fixation. but you can put in these sort of things. so, that is a bit of software sent, and that includes the sub-rukin things as well. so, i will tell you a little bit of what we are going to do with that source code and that restriction on that. so, that is like all the analysis that you need to do to things. are you just going to copy what they do? or is it docented like why they did it the way they did it, or is it just... no, there is very little docentation. there is like a bunch of police or things. what is good starting point, right? so, it would be interesting to see if you agree with the decisions they made about how to do things. yeah, i suppose i can easily look through it and start writing out some docentation on it. and then, i will get that going sort of starting point for us to talk about today for what analysis we need to actually do on it. yeah, crazy. yeah, great idea. switches on whatever else you need to do. okay. good. okay. yeah, so, one to one. yeah. well, one to one. one to one. yeah. well, one to one. one to one. a bit more of a look at this gds stuff. then start looking through that. start looking through that and make sure that that works. and then, i will just say, there are a lot of strange vintage tags that the i link produces that are fairly meaningless. and it is strips say a lot the junk. yeah, yeah, that, yeah. and that, no, that the, the, the jess analyzing those quite a few things as well. well, we do not want to build it into our data path. we just want to learn from it, i think, right? correct? right. thank you. possibly. but the things that use it that are useful for generating this gds stuff, i can easily incorporate whatever functions it takes from into jess analyzer when i am doing the gds stuff. i am just thinking, you know, lucky. so this takes the asking to simplify the asking and simplified in with transforms in it asking. and it is just, it seems to me harder to maintain something that is got that in it. it would be better to break things up into like steps. and i will, well, why do i think this? i do not know, because it is somebody else is program and then they are going to give us the next version and that is going to break our entire line. yes, you know, that is the main reason. yeah, yeah, i mean, well, you know, let us say what, well, well, well, playing to do with it then. let us take that, let us take this off to find out what functions are useful for us in that and then use those functions to generate the stuff that goes into the xml file. i can imagine that also requiring some discussion about what they do is what we actually want to do. that should be interesting. yeah, yeah. but first part of that will be docenting what they have got and then discussing it with robin. well, it is not going to be quite grabable because it is written in java. right. but, yeah, well, i will try to motion mostly here. i will show you almost the logic is going to be. yeah, well, yeah. and if in doubt, do not filter stuff out, keep it in right because we always dp it to this other nxt track that we do not need to load necessarily. right. the idea is you just keep stuff from us. yeah, it is always better than making too much compression to start with and then you know, i am able to go back. yeah, so some of those xml nxt will handle it, will it? oh, yeah, it is easy enough to dp stuff into a separate track. yeah. we got to teach you about this at some point though. so, still not quite sure when. it sounds like maybe in another week. okay, okay. jonathan, maybe you promised that to tell you about it when you first arrived. you are going to get overload about looking at our tracks. you leave very quickly. it is just too many things at once and it was an important that it be then. yeah, well, i have got to hire you all the stuff over here and been going through. yeah, it looks like it is coming to the end of the stuff, the stuff is listed there already. i am going to start looking at that as an x-ray. he is a cool customer, he is ready for it. okay, i think we are done, right? yep. oh, i... my peaches blank still. sorry? oh, yeah, i do not know. i do not really need to. this just says, look at the wiki. find out what is next. you could give craig more work to do. this one is fine. i might be having to check out these batteries and things, will not i? oh, yeah. we will take that. well, we will do it with the trains as bad as today. i do not know if craig was just praising that set. okay. oh, yeah. we are going to have to do the data state to just try the data. i do not know if it is going to be good. i do not know if it is going to be good. i think that is the thing. i think that is the thing. i think that is the thing. yeah. well, i do not know if it is going to be good. i said, oh, yeah, but i would tell you to go off your set. okay. thank you. you
